英语演讲及范例2
5.婚礼【15句】
1.Congratulations!恭喜！
2.Thank you for your invitation.谢谢你们的邀请。
3.We are here to witness the union of two lives in marriage.我们在此为两位联姻作见证。
4.I now give the toast to the bride and groom, Mary and Bob.现在我向新娘玛莉、新郎鲍伯举杯致敬。
5.Today is indeed a joyous occasion for all of us present here.对我们列席的每个人而言，今天真是个令人欢欣的日子。
6.It is my pleasure to call Mary my closest and dearest friend.我很高兴的说，玛莉是我最亲密的朋友。
7.I’m sure everyone here joins me in wishing you two, Bob and Mary, the very best that life has to offer you in your marriage.我确信今天在座的每个人都会和我一同祝福鲍伯和玛莉们俩过最美满的婚姻生活。
8.I will conclude by congratulating the young couple on their marriage, and wishing them a long life of happiness together.最后我们恭喜这对年轻新人，祝他们白头偕老，幸福美满。
9.Words can’t express what is in their hearts. Bob and Mary will never forget you for what you have done for them.言辞无法表达他们的感受，鲍伯和玛莉将不会忘记你们尽心尽力为他们所做的事。
10.We are gathered here today to celebrate the wedding of my best friend, Bob and his wonderful bride, Mary.今天我们在一起庆祝我最好的朋友鲍伯和他的美新娘玛莉的婚礼。
11.It is my great privilege, on this most auspicious occasion, to say a word of congratulation to the groom, Mr. Smith, and to wish much happiness to his lovely bride.在这个良辰吉时，我很荣幸向新郎史密斯先生说恭喜，并祝他的可爱的新娘幸福美满。
12.On behalf of the classmates of the bridegroom, it is my great privilege to offer hearty congratulations to Mr. Smith on the happiest occasion of his life, and to his lovely bride.我很荣幸代表新郎史密斯先生的同学，在他三生中最幸福的日子，向他以及他可爱的新娘表达衷心的祝贺。
13.I consider it a special privilege to wish the bride on behalf classmates the best of luck and much happiness on the occasion of her wedding.非常荣幸代表新娘的同学在新娘结婚的大喜之日来祝贺她多福、美满。
14.I wish to conclude my speech with a prayer for the continued happiness of the newly married couple.我最后要说的就是祝福这对新人永浴爱河。
15.Allow me to conclude my brief speech by wishing the bride and bridegroom all happiness and the best of luck for the future.谨祝新郎新娘将来美满、多福，作为我短短讲这些话的结束。
6.节日【13句】
1.Happy Mother’s Day!母亲节快乐！
2.I feel there is no way I can get out of making a speech.我想，讲几句话是逃脱不掉的。
3.Of course, everybody knows what day it is today.当然，每个人都知道今天是什么日子。
4.I want to say a special word of thanks to my parents.我特别要向我爸妈说感谢的话。
5.Thank you all again for coming here today. I am pleased and honored.今天很感谢你们又都来这儿，我感到很高兴，也很荣幸。
6.I’m pleased to stand before you today on this most beautiful of holidays, Mother’s Day.今天这个很美的节日，母亲节，我很高兴站在你们的面前。
7.It I had the time, I would have gone around to each one of you to give you my thanks.如果我有时间，我就一一去向各位致谢了。
8.You all have been so kind to come here tonight.你们真是太好了，今晚都来了。
9.I have been given the special honor to make a few remarks to you on this special day for fathers everywhere.在这个特别的日子为各地为人父者说几句话，我真是特别荣幸。
10.Allow me, first of all, to thank you all from the bottom of my heart for coming to this party in such numbers.这么多人光临这个聚会，首先我要衷心地感谢大家。
11.I wish to conclude by thanking you one more for your good wishes.最后我要再一次感谢你们的祝福。
12.I wish to congratulate the sponsors who have organized this wonderful gathering.我要恭喜发起人，他们计划这次完美的聚会。
13.I am sure that everyone here joins with me in wishing the mothers who are present here, and through them, all the mothers throughout the world, continued health and much happiness.我深信这里的每一个人都会和我一起祝福在场的母亲们，经由她们，全世界的母亲永远健康、幸福。
7.节庆【15句】
1.Merry Christmas！耶诞快乐！
2.Happy New Year！新年快乐！
3.Merry Christmas to you all！祝你们都耶诞快乐！
4.Happy Thanksgiving！感恩节快乐！
5.Thank you all for coming tonight to celebrate this happy and joyous occasion.感谢你们今晚来庆祝这愉快、欢欣的日子。
6.We all thank you for your kind invitation tonight.我们全都感谢你今晚好意的邀请。
7.Thank you for your kind invitation to join with you in this wonderful Thanksgiving celebration.谢谢你们一番盛情邀请我和你们一起过这美好的感恩节庆典。
8.It is a great honor for me to speak to you all here tonight at this New Year party.今晚在这新年聚会上我很荣幸能对大家讲讲话。
9.Let me, at first express a few words of gratitude to our host, Mr. Smith.首先让我对我们的主人史密斯先生说几句话，以表示感激之意。
10.It is my great pleasure to wish you all a very Merry Christmas！很荣幸能够在此祝福你们大家有个非常愉快的圣诞节！
11.I’d like to say a word of hearty thanks to my host and hostess, Mr. And Mrs. Smith, for inviting me to this Christmas party.男主人和女主人史密斯先生和夫人邀请我参加那诞聚会，我想说句话以表示我衷心的感谢。
12.We are meeting here tonight in the house of Mr. Smith, along with other American friends of his, to observe Easter.今晚我们聚集在这儿，史密斯先生的家，还有他的美国朋友，一起来庆祝复活节。
13.I wish, first of all, to thank my host and hostess for inviting me to this Christmas dinner.首先我要感谢主人和女主人邀请我参加这耶诞晚餐会。
14.Let me begin by saying, “ A Happy New Year! “ to all of you and especially to Mr. Smith, our guest of honor.对各位，尤其是我们的贵宾史密斯先生，我首先要说的是，“新年快乐！”
15.Let us all now drink a toast to the future success of the company.现在我们大家一起来干杯，祝公司未来鸿图大展。
8.比赛的开幕、闭幕【16句】
1.Welcome to the finals of the speech Contest!欢迎参加演讲比赛的决赛！
2.Thank you for coming to the speech Contest!谢谢大家光临演讲比赛！
3.Welcome and thanks to our judges!欢迎并感谢我们的评审！
4.Now let’s begin and let’s all give the speakers our support.现在我开始，并让我譬都来为我们的演讲者加油。
5.It is a great pleasure for me to declare open the speech Contest.我很荣幸宣布演讲比赛开始。
6.I now formally declare the speech contest open.我现在正式宣演讲比赛开始。
7.Thank you very much for coming here today.今天非常谢谢大家的光临。
8.Congratulations to you all!恭喜你们每一位！
9.We hope that the speakers will make the most f this rare opportunity to speak to the judges individually and ask them for a more detailed analysis of the good as well as weak points of the speeches they made.我希望演讲者善加利用这少有的机会个别向评审谈谈，并请求他们对于发表的演讲的优点和缺点作更详细的分析。
10.Now I wasn’t to make just a few remarks in closing this debating contest.现在结束这彭辩论比赛，我想讲几句话。
11.I now formally declare this speech contest closed.现在我正式宣布演讲比赛结束。
12.Thank you all for coming, and we’ll look forward to seeing you next year at the next contest.感谢大家的光临，我们期待明年下一次比赛再与大家见面。
13.What a joy it is to stand here before you welcoming the members of our debate team who distinguished themselves so well in the All-Taiwan Debating Finals held in Kaohisung week.能够站在大面前欢迎我们的辩论队队员，真是高兴，他们上个礼拜在高雄举办的全台辩论决赛中表现优异。
14.Allow me to conclude by once thanking the judges for their kind cooperation and by wishing each of the speakers the very best of luck.最后再一次感谢评审们的合作，并祝每位演讲者好运。
15.I never expected that I would de invited to attend 5this as one of the winners.我从没想到过会以获胜者之一的身皆受邀参加这欢迎会。
16.First, I am very grateful to the English Speaking Society of ABC University for their graciousness in holding a grand reception like this.首先，我很感谢ABC大学英语演讲学会厚意举办此盛大的欢迎会。
9.与学校有关的会【12句】
1.Welcome to the 1992 meeting of the Alumni Association of the University of Chicago！欢迎光临芝加哥大学校友会1992年年会。
2.I’m sure that you will all be interested in hearing the latest of what is happening at our school.听听我们学校最近发生什么事，我深信你们都会感兴趣。
3.Now, let’s sit down and enjoy this dinner.现在，我们坐下来享用晚餐吧。
4.This is the day to mark the end of our studies and the beginning of a new life for all of us.这一天就是我们求学结束、开始新生活的日子。
5.We are gathered in this hall today for a sad purpose.今天我们为一件悲伤的事而在这会场集合。
6.No words can express how thankful we are to you on this day.在这个日子，言语无法表达我们对你的感谢之意。
7.Now, looking back over those four years, I can’t imagine how the time went by so quickly.现在，回头看过去这四年，我真无法想象时间过得这么快。
8.Whatever you do in the future, good luck and success to you.不管你们将来做什么，祝你们好运、成功。
9.Thank you once again from all of us.我们大家再一次谢谢你。
10.I wish to thank you, first of all, for holding this party for me.首先我要谢谢你为我办这个聚会。
11.I am speaking to you as a representative of the Chinese students who are entering the university this year.我代表今年进入我们大学的中国学生向各位讲讲话。
12.It is my great pleasure to say a word of hearty welcome to all the alumni and alumnae who have come Csome of them from very great distance Cto attend this reunion of former ESS members.我很荣幸对所有的男女校友们表示衷心欢迎，校友们来----有些是从很远的地方---参加这以前英语演讲学会成员的聚会。
10.座谈会【13句】
1.I want to welcome you all here for the annual meeting of the Asian Scientists Conference.欢迎大家到这儿参加亚洲科学家会议年会。
2.I know you are all busy, so I appreciate your making time in your schedule to attend this meeting today.我知道你们都很忙，所以我很感谢你们从时刻表中腾出时间参加今天这个会议。
3.At first, Mr. Smith will speak about the sales projections for the coming year and the problems that some of us have had in the past year.首先，史密斯先生谈一谈来年的销售计划，以及过去一年我们有些人遭遇的问题。
4.After Mr. Smith’s remarks, the meeting will be opened for comments and discussion from the rest of you.史密斯生讲完话后，会议就要开始给所有其它的人来提供意见，来讨论。
5.Now, shall we begin?现在我们开始好吗？
6.I’m very happy that we could all get together today to have this meeting, because I feel it is a subject that deserves our attention.我很高兴今天我们能够都来开这个会，因为我觉得这是个值得我们关注的题目
7.I will happily admit that I am very nervous.我很高兴承认我很紧张。
8.Thank you for your kind attention. 谢谢你们的听讲。
9.I’d like to give a few of my reasons. 我想提出我的一些理由。
10.I must remind Mr. Smith that A is B.我必须提醒史密斯先生A就是B。
11.I’m sorry to say that I oppose Mr. Smith’s opinions completely.很抱歉，我全反对史密斯先生的意见。
12.Thank you for this chance to address this committee meeting planning the next year’s courses for our school.谢谢你们给我这个机会向委员会会议演讲，本会议是计划本校明年的课程。
13.After the meeting, we will all adjourn to the Rose Room of this hotel for a buffet dinner.开完会后，我们将休会，到本饭店玫瑰厅的自助餐厅用晚餐。
11.演讲会【20句】
1.He is too well known to require my introduction.他太有名了，而不需我作介绍。
2.I want to welcome you all to the World peace Symposium.欢迎大家参日世界和平研讨会。
3.Mr. Smith is so famous that any introduction would be superfluous.史密斯先生名气很大，任何介绍都是多余的。
4.It is my pleasure to introduce the keynote speaker for tonight, Dr. Smith.很荣幸介绍今晚演讲的主要来宾，史密斯博士。
5.We’re all anxious to hear Mrs. Smith’s remarks, so let us all welcome her to the podium.我们都渴望听听史密斯夫人的讲话，让我们欢迎她上台。
6.Mr. Smith, will you please give us the pleasure of hearing your speech?史密斯先生，不知有没有这份荣幸听听你的演讲？
7.We are sure to hear some informative lecturers, engage in some good profitable discussions, and make some friends, too.我们深信会聆听到让我们受益良多的演讲者发表演讲，参加一些有意义的讨论会，也交交朋友。
8.I hope that you will enjoy his lecture and get out of it something that will be a permanent enrichment of your lives.我希望你们会喜欢他的演讲，并且有所收获，对于丰富你们的生活会是长久不变的。
9.The distinguished speaker who will address us on “ A History of English” is the American linguist, Dr. Smith.向我们演讲“英语的历史”的杰出演讲者是美国语言学家史密斯博士。
10.Ladies and gentlemen, it is my great pleasure to present to you the great British lawyer, Mr. Smith.各位女士、先生，我很荣幸来为大家介绍英国大律师史密斯先生。
11.On behalf of the faculty and students of this university, I wish to say a word of hearty appreciation to Mr. Smith for the very instructive lecture he has just given us on the World.”史密斯先生刚为我们演讲“世界中的台湾”谨代表本大学全校师生，为这篇受益良多的演讲，向史密斯先生表示衷心的感谢。
12.We hope that all of you can attend every meeting as well as the lecture.我们希望大家都能出席每一场会议及演讲。
13.I am also very pleased and gratified to see such a large audience made up entirely of young people.看到这么多的听众全都是年轻人，我很高兴也很满足。
14.If you have any questions at any time, please feel free to see Miss Smith of the planning staff or me. We'll be happy to help you.任何时候如果有任何问题，请不必客气，来找企划组的史密斯小姐或来找我，我很会很乐意帮助你们的。
15.I'd like to take just a moment to introduce a special observer to our meeting today.我想花一点点时间来介绍我们天成会议的特别观察员。
16.Good-bye, and safe traveling.再见了，祝一路平安。
17.I hope to see all of you here next year.我希望明年在这里再看到大家。
18.I want to take a minute to thank the keynote speakers, Mr. Smith and Mr. Williams.我想用短短的时间向基本方针演讲者史密斯先生与威廉斯先生表示感谢之意。
19.It hardly seems that the five days given to this conference have passed already.似乎很难相信开这个会五天就这样过去了。
20.Prof. Smith will make a short address to all of us giving his thanks and his impressions of the convention.史密斯教授向我们大家简短说几句话，表示他的谢意以及对会议的感想。
12.国际交流营【16句】
1.Welcome to the International Culture Camp being held in this beautiful location of the Sun Moon Lake.欢迎参加在日月潭这么美的地方举行的世界文化营。
2.I want to welcome you all here today and give a few words of advice to you.欢迎大家今天来到这里，我想给大家几点建议。
3.Please keep your cabins clean at all time.请随时把小屋子保持干净。
4.It is advisable not to miss any meals, as this country air will stimulate you appetites.这儿的乡间空气会促进食欲，建议你们不要错过任何一餐。
5.1.I want to take a few moments to welcome the 10 young Americans who have come all the way from the States to help out with this camp here.我想花一点点时间来对远从美国来的十位年轻人表示欢迎，他们来为我们这个营提供协助。
6.It is my privilege, on behalf the camp leaders, to bid our foreign guests a hearty welcome.我很荣幸代表营区领导人对我们的外宾表示衷心的欢迎之意。
7.1.Allow me to conclude by bidding all the foreign delegates a hearty welcome once more, and by wishing all of you the best of luck.最后我再一次对国外代表表示由衷的欢迎，并祝大家万事如意。
8.I hope you have a fine time in Taiwan, and I hope you make many new friends.我希望你们在台湾玩得愉快，并交到很多新朋友。
9.It is my job to introduce the foreign guests who will be spending the week with us here.我的事是介绍与我们在此共度这个星期的外宾。
10.Thank you all for coming and taking part in our camp.感谢大家来参加我们这个营。
11.I have been chosen by the camp staff and the Chinese campers to say a few words of thanks to you for your participation here in the last three days.我被营干部和中国伙伴推选出来讲几句话，感谢大家这三天来的参与。
12. Thank you once again for coming here.再一次谢谢你们光临本地。
13.How can words express our gratitude!什么话也无法表达我们的感谢！
14.Please accept this small gift, a plaque made by us and signed by all of the campers, as a token of our friendship.请接受我们这份小礼物，以象征我们的友谊，这是我们做的牌子，上面有我们营上伙伴每个人的签名。
15.Good-bye is a sad thing to say, but I must, so goodbye and I hope I’ll see you again.说再见是件感伤的事，但我又不得不说，所以再见了，我希望能再见到大家。
16.On behalf of the sponsors, I wish to apologize for any inconveniences that any of the participants, and especially the foreign guests, may have had to suffer in connection with hotel accommodations, meals, or transportation.对于所有参加者，尤其是外国客人，由于旅馆的膳宿设备、餐点、或交通所造成的诸多不便，本人谨代表主办者表示歉意。
[C]一分钟演讲实例。
一、在欢迎外籍同仁的欢迎会上（对象：美国籍工程师）
President Tien, fellow staff members: At this time I am happy to introduce to you Mr. Robert Henderson, who has come to work with us for the next three years.
Mr. Henderson comes to us from Chicago and, as an engineer, has had long experience in the field of computer programming. He will report to our vice-president and will assist our research department staff. I hope everyone will make him feel at home and assist him in any way possible.
Life in Taipei is quite different from that in his home town, but I think he will like our weather-----because it’s not as windy.
I know his knowledge and experience will greatly benefit our future plans, and, on behalf of everyone, I wish him a pleasant stay with the firm.
田总经理，各位同仁：
    现在我很高兴介绍罗伯，韩德森先生给各位认识，未来的三年，他将与我们共事。
    韩德森先生从芝加哥来加入我们，作为一位工程师，在计算机程序设计方面有长久的经验。他将向副总经理报到，并协助我们研究部门的同仁。我希望每个人不要让他感到拘束，而尽可能在每一方面帮助他。
    台北的生活与他的故乡大不相同，但我想他会喜欢我们的气候----------因为没有很大的风。
    我知道他的知识与经验对我们未来的计划会大有助益，谨代表全体同仁，祝他这期间与大家相处愉快。

一、在欢迎外籍同仁的欢迎会上（对象：加拿大专家）
President Chen, fellow members:
   I want to offer a few words of welcome to our newest employee, Mr. David Morrison. He has spent most of his business career in St. John’s Newfoundland on the east coast of Canada and is a specialist in promoting export sales of Canadian seafood.
   Because he is so familiar with Canadian tastes in fish, we look forward to his valuable assistance as we expand our sales of seafood to Canada in the future.
   There are many differences in customs between our two countries, but I hear east coast Canadians do eat raw fish. So that part of our lifestyle should be no problem for him.
   While Mr. Morrison is here, there is a lot we can learn from him, besides English, of course, and we hope he will return to Canada in four years’ time with the feeling he knows Taiwan better, too.
陈总经理，各位同仁：
    我想说几句话欢迎我们的新同事戴维，莫里森先生。他大部分的业务经历是在加拿大东海岸纽芬兰的圣约翰，是加拿大海产出口业务促销的专家。
    因为他对加拿大人在鱼方面的品味很熟悉，所以当我们将来海产拓销到加拿大时，我们期待他给予宝贵的协助。
    我们两国之间的习俗有很大的差异，但我听说东海岸的加拿大人吃生鱼片。所以我们生活方式中的这一部分对他而言应该是不成问题的。
    莫里森先生在此地期间，有很多事情我们可以向他请教，当然，英语也是，我们希望四年后他回加拿大时，也能够怀有一份更加了解台湾的感情。
一、在欢迎外籍同仁的欢迎会上（对象：英国籍主管）
President Mei, my fellow staff members:
   It is my pleasure to introduce to you Mr. Harry Ward, will be with our company for one year.
   Mr. Ward, who comes from London, is a quality control supervisor with many years of experience in the field of chocolate manufacturing. He has has been sent here by his company, British Chocolate Limited, with whom we have established a joint venture, to advise us on the production of their world famous chocolate.
   He will work in our new plant at Wuku and will cooperate very closely with our factory supervisor, Mr. Chang.
   Life in Taipei is quite different from life in London. It rains much more in London！ I hope everyone will make him feel at home and help him in any way possible.
   I am sure we can learn from each other and I hope his stay will benefit us all. I wish him a pleasant year in Taipei.
梅总经理，各位同仁：
    我很荣幸介绍哈利，华德先生给各位认识，他将与我们共事一年。
    华德先生是伦敦人，是品管主管，在巧克力制造方面有很多年的经验是被他的公司不列颠巧克力股份有限公司派来本地，将他们在生产世界著名的巧克力上给我们提供意见，我们与他们公司已成立合作投资企业。
    他将在我们的五股新厂服务，与我们的厂长张先生密切合作。
    台北的生活与伦敦大不相同，伦敦的雨多得多！我希望全体同仁都能让他感到没有拘束，并且在任何方面尽可能帮助他。
    我深信我们都能够互相学习，也希望他在此期间使我们都能受益。祝他在台北度过愉快的一年。
一、在欢迎外籍同仁的欢迎会上（对象：澳洲动物学者）
   It gives me great pleasure to introduce Dr.Robert Dundee, who will be with us for two years.
  Dr. Dundee, who hails Sydney, is a famous zoologist who has done a lot of research on the prevention of respiratory in cattle the University of Sydney.
   Since we deal a lot in milk products, it is very important for us to keep our cattle as healthy as possible, and I am more than certain that Dr. Dundee will be of great benefit to us.
He will be working very closely with our research staff at Yangmei and will report directly to the chief of our center there, Dr. Wang.
As he is accompanied by his wife and child, I hope all of us will help any way we can. I wish him and his family a pleasant stay with many fond memories to take back.
    我很荣幸介绍罗伯，丹迪博士，他将与我们共事两年。
    丹迪博士是雪梨人，是名动物学家，在雪梨大学作过许多关于预防牛只呼吸器官疾病的研究。
    因为我们对于乳制品的销售量很大，所以对我们来说，尽所有可能维持牛只的健康便显得非常重要。
    他将与我们在杨梅的研究同仁密切合作，并直接向那边的中心主任王博士报到。
    因为他有夫人及小孩随行，所以我希望我们大家尽量帮助他。
    祝他及他的家人在停留期间过得愉快，回国时能满怀快乐的回忆。
一、在欢迎外籍同仁的欢迎会上（对象：纽西兰畜产专家）
My fellow  researchers:
   I am happy to introduce Dr. Michael Bush, who is with us on loan from the New Zealand Government, and will stay here for about eighteen months.
   Dr. Bush is a livestock breeder specializing in cattle. As you all know, beef is very expensive in Taiwan and many consumers complain about its price.
   We hope through the cooperation of Dr. Bush and our breeders in Taoyuan to be able to discover cheaper and better ways of producing beef, thus benefiting our customers.
   There are many differences in customs between our two nations. And I don’t have to tell you that Taoyuan is much colder than Wellington in winter. So I trust you will give him a warm reception.
   Dr. Bush. Welcome to Taiwan and welcome to our company.
各位研究员：
    我很高兴为大家介绍麦可．布什博士，他是纽西兰政府与我们作文流的人士，将在这里停留十八个月。
    布什博士是牛只的畜养专家。大家都知道，台湾的牛肉很贵，很多消费者对牛内价格有所怨言。
    我们希望透过布什博士与桃园的畜产专家合作，能够发现更便宜、更好的方法生产牛肉，以嘉惠我们的顾客。
    我们两国的习俗有很多地方不一样，而在冬天，桃园比威灵顿冷得多，这是不用说的，所以我相信你们都会给予布什博士热情的接待。
    布什博士，欢迎到台湾来，欢迎到我们公司来。
二、在贵宾欢迎会上（对象：银行家）
   Mr. President, fellow staff members, ladies and gentlemen:
   I thank you all for this gracious welcome party and the kindness you have shown me.
   As most of you may realize, settling down in a new city is very difficult, even for bankers, and many of you have taken the time and trouble to help me.
   Let me give you one example of this kindness. A few days after my arrival, I went with one of the gentlemen here to a car dealer. After almost agreeing to buy, he pulled me aside and said, “That car’s lousy.” Not knowing what he meant, I looked very surprised. He then said, “That car is lousy. You know. I added a new word to my vocabulary, and two, I saved money by not buying that car.
Thank you very much.
总经理，各位同仁，诸位女士，诸位先生；
    我很感谢大家举办这么温馨的欢迎会，也感谢大家对我都那么好。
    如同你们大多了解的，在一个新城市定居是很困难的事，即使对银行行员也是，而你们很多人也花了时间、不辞辛劳来帮我。
    你们对我这么好，我可以举个例子。我到达之后的两、三天，我和你们的一位先生去找一位汽车业者，几乎要成交时，他把我拉到一边说“那部车很烂。”我很惊讶，不知道他是什么意思。然后他又说，“那部车很烂，你知道，很破的车。”这时，就发生了两件很棒的事，一是我字汇又增加了一个字，二是我没买那部车，钱省下来了。
    非常谢谢各位。
二、在贵宾欢迎会上（对象：建筑师）
Mr. Chairman, board members, ladies and gentlemen:
   I would like to express my sincere thanks asking this party in my honor.
   About three years ago, there was a competition for architects to submit plans for a museum to be built here in Boston. Of the many plans sent, you chose the one submitted by my company, and today, we are holding this party in the building we designed.
   It is not easy to design a museum. One has to think about its purpose, the people's taste, the budget, and so on. But thanks to the cooperation of the chairman and his board, we finished on time and were within the budget.
   I hope that this museum will serve the people of Boston and enrich their lives. I also sincerely hope that many visitors from all over the world will come to see it.
I thank you.
董事长，各位董事，各位女士，各位先生：
   为了我办这个聚会，我要表示我诚挚的谢意。
   大约三年前，建筑师们竞相提出在此地波士顿建博物馆的设计，在许多提出的设计中，你们选择了本公司所提的设计，今天，我们就在我们所设计的建筑物中举行这聚会。
   设计一座博物馆并不容易，必须要考虑到其用途、当地人的品味、预算等等。但由于董事长与董事会的合作，我们按时完成了，而且没有超过预算。
   我希望这座博物馆能对波士顿人提供服务，并丰富他们的生活。我也诚挚希望来自世界各地的许许多多观光客来此看看。
   谢谢你们。
二、在贵宾欢迎会上（对象：海产检验官）
   Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen:
   First of all, I would like to express my deepest gratitude for the party you have prepared for me.
   A few years back, when your company and mine started this joint venture, it was very difficult to import marine products into Taiwan. There was a lot of red tape and the same items would have to be checked here in Sydney, and again on arrival in Kaohsiung. This was a very frustrating and time-consuming process.
   But after a long period of negotiation between our respective governments, it was agreed that one Chinese inspector would be stationed in Sydney and an Australian inspector in Kaohsiung.
   Since then, things have gone much more smoothly and I hope this state of affairs will continue in the future.
   Once again, I would like to thank you for this party and for your kind cooperation.
总经理，各位女士，各位先生：
   首先对于各位筹备这个聚会，表达我最深的谢意。
   几年前，当贵公司与敝公司设立此合作投资企业时，要将海产进口到台湾是很难的。有太多的繁杂手续，同样的海产项目此地雪梨必须受检，而且到了高雄又得再来一次。这是令人时很沮丧而且费时的程序。
   在我们两国政府经过一段长时间的协商之后，同意在雪梨派驻一名中国检验官，在高雄派驻一名澳洲检验官。
   那时开始，一切就顺利很多，我希望这种情况将来能够继续下去。
   再一次谢谢你们这一聚会以及你们的好意合作。    
二、在贵宾欢迎会上（对象：保险公司分公司主管）
Mr. President, fellow staff members:
   I am truly grateful for this kind reception.
   As everyone knows, I was sent by our head office to take charge of this branch here in Seattle. Since arriving, I have received nothing but kindness and help from the president and all the employees.
   Settling in with my wife and two children is not very easy, but thanks to you, we are now in our new apartment and the children are going to school. Of course, they are finding English difficult, as I am, but their teachers have been very patient and have gone out of their way to help them.
   I am sure I will enjoy working with all of you, and I sincerely hope our insurance business will prosper.
   Once more, may I thank you for this reception and for your kindness to my family and myself.
总经理，各位同仁：
   对这满怀盛情的欢迎会，个人谨表示由衷的谢意。
   大家都知道的，我是总公司派来西雅图此地分公司的主管。到达此地以来，我就受到总经理与所有同仁的关照与协助。
   与内人和两个小孩定居下来并不容易，但多亏大家，我们现在住进我们的新公寓，小孩也上学了。当然，他们发现英文很难，像我的看法一样，但他们的老师很有耐心，不怕麻烦来帮助他们。
   我确信我必会很高兴与大家共事，我也诚心希望我们的保险业务将蒸蒸日上。
   再一次感谢你们的欢迎会以及你们对我家人和我个人的一番厚意。
二、在贵宾欢迎会上（对象：中文教师）
Dean Ford, fellow lecturers:
On behalf of my wife and myself, I would like to thank you very much indeed for this wonderful
reception.
   As most of you have heard, I am here on a two-year visit to teach Chinese in the Department
of Asian Studies.
   I am very grateful to all of you, and especially the dean of my department, for the courtesy and kindness shown us since our arrival. Help was given in moving in, getting a car, showing us good places to shop and filling in forms. To be quite honest, you seem to have fewer forms than we do in Taiwan !
   So far, I have only met the students informally, but I was very impressed with their knowledge of China and its language.
   I know that during our stay, I will get to know you better and I am looking forward to
   working with you.
   Thank you.
福特主任，各位讲师：
   谨代表内人，以及我个人对这盛大的欢迎会向诸位表示衷心的谢意。
   各位大多听说了，我来此地，将在亚洲研究学系客座两年教中文。
   我非常感谢你们每一位，尤其是我的系主任，在我们到达之后所给予的关照与协助。协助我们搬进住家、买车子、告诉我们购物的好地方，以及填各种表格。坦白说，你们的表格似乎比我们台湾还少！
   到目前为止，我只是非正式的与学生见过面，但他们对于中国与中文的知识让我印象深刻。
   我了解到，在我们停留期间，我要更加了解你们，我满怀欢欣期待着与大家共事。
   谢谢。
三、在海外合资企业的欢迎会上（对象：新进同仁。地点：纽约）
Mr. President. Ladies and gentlemen :
   First of all, thank you for asking me to say a few words. My name is Lo Yu song and I’m an Engineer with the Apex Company. I have been with this company for only about six months. But was asked to come here and look at your firm. Eventually. I may be transferred here.
   Thank you for the kindness you showed me during my short stay in the "Big Apple". I especially want to thank your vice-president for taking time off from his busy schedule to show me around.
   I was quite impressed with the way you run your business and I am sure that we can learn from each other new ways of looking at and doing things.
   Thank you again. If you have any questions about my company, I would be very happy to answer them.
总经理，诸位女士，诸位先生：
    首先要感谢大家邀请我说几句话。我名叫罗育松，是亚公司的工程师，我在这家公司服务大概只有六个月，但受命来 贵公司看看。最后我可能会被调来这里。
    我在“大苹果”的短暂停留期间，你们对我的关照，我非常感谢。我特别要谢谢你们的副总经理从他紧凑的时间表中挪出时间带我到处走走。
    我对于你们营运的方式印象很深刻，我相信我们能够从对方学得观察事物和故事的新方法。
    再一次谢谢你们。如果有任何关于敝公司的任何问题，我很乐意回答。
三、在海外合资企业的欢迎会上（对象：课长。地点：伦敦）
Ladies and gentlemen:
   I have been asked to say a few words before my departure for Taipei. My name is Tu Sheng and I’m a section chief at the
   Taiyuan Iron Works.
   I have spent the last few days looking at your factory and the way you work. The efficiency and skill shown by all of you made a strong impression on me.
   I would like to thank Mr. Roosevelt, the General Manager, who guided me around the factory, invited me to dinner and answered my very many questions.
   I found Toronto to be a very pleasant city and I am sure our employees will be very happy living here.
   I wish our companies success in the future. Thank you for your kind attention.
各位女士，各位先生：
    我在前往台北之前应邀说几句话。我名叫杜胜，是台源制铁公司的课长。
    最近这几天我一直在观察　贵工厂以及你们的工作方式。你们全体所显示的效率与技术给了我很深刻的印象。
    我要感谢总经理罗斯福先生，他带我在工厂到看看，请我吃饭，回答我许多问题。
    我发现多伦多是一个令人感觉轻松愉快的城市，我深信我们的员工会很高兴住在此地。
    祝我们两家公司未来鸿图大展。
    非常谢谢大家的关照。
三、在海外合资企业的欢迎会上（对象：经理。地点：伦敦）
   Mr. Chairman, ladies and gentlemen:
   Your chairman has requested that I make a few personal remarks. My name is Lin Fang and I am Director of Planning at the Youth Pharmaceutical Company.
   As you know, we have begun distributing your drug in Taiwan and I am happy to say that they are doing very well because of all your expertise and good advice.
   I am confident that under the guidance of your chairman, and with your cooperation and our efforts, sales will increase further.
   I have only been here for a few days, but I really like London and will carry back many good memories of it. I want to thank your executives and all of you plant and who have introduced me to your wonderful English beer.
   Thank you again. I'll be happy to answer any questions.
你们董事长，各立女士，各位先生：
    你们董事长邀我讲几句话。我名叫林方，是幼狮制药公司的企划课长。
    你们都知道的，我们已开始在台湾配销 贵公司的制乐，我可以很高兴的说，由于你们的专门技术与建议，销路非常好。
    我确信在你们董事长的指导下，加上你们的合作与我们的努力，业务必会更上层楼。
    我在此地只有几天，但我真的很喜欢伦敦，我会带回许多美好的回忆。我要感谢诸位董事，以及拨出时间带我参观工厂、介绍我喝美的英国啤酒的所有的人。
    再一谢谢大家，我很乐意回答任何问题。   