英语演讲及范例3

英语演讲及范例3
三、在海外合资企业的欢迎会上（对象：部门总经理。地点：堪培拉）
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen:
   My name is David Tung and I and I am the General Manager of the Import Division of the High Style Sportswear Company.
   A few years ago, we stared importing your tennis and golf wear and I am happy to say that your products are doing very well. During this visit, I had the chance to get a firsthand view of view of your operation here, and now I realize the reasons for our
   Good sale figures. Your facilities are modern and, moreover, your quality control system is excellent.
   I am convinced that business will expand in the coming years and I look forward to meeting you in Taiwan. I would like to thank the president, and all of you for your kindness and courtesy. If there are any questions, I’ll be glad to answer them to the best of my ability.
总经理，各位女士，各位先生：
   我名叫董大伟，是高格调运动服公司进口部总经理。
   几年前我们开始进口贵公司网球与高尔夫服装，我很高兴的说，贵公司的产品销路非常好。
   在此行中，我有机会直接参观贵公司此地的运作，现在我了解到我们之所以有不错的营业额的理由。
   你们有现敛化的设备，尤其品管系统更是一流的。
   我确信未来几年业务将会扩展，我也欢欣地期待在台湾能够见到你们。
   谢谢总经理以及各位的厚意。
   如有任何问题，我很乐意尽我所能来答复。
三、在海外合资企业的欢迎会上（对象：董事。地点：威灵顿）
Mr. President. Members of the board:
   My name is Lu Chi-Huei. am I am a board member of the pro Milk Company. I am here in
   Your beautiful city of Wellington as a guest of the president.
   A joint venture between our two firms was started some five years ago, in which we sold your dairy products in Taiwan. I am delighted to report that sales to date have been outstanding. In fact, they have been so good that we have proposed to establish dairy farms in New Zealand together with your company in order to sell even more of your excellent products.
   In the short time I have been here, I have Seen a number of your farms and I have been impressed with the modern methods you use in dairy farming.
   May I take this opportunity to wish both our companies continued success and, once again, thank you for your kindness.
总经理，各位董事：
   我名叫卢奇辉。是普罗奶品公司的董事。应贵公司总经理之邀来美丽的威灵顿城做客。
   我们两家公司的合作投资企业大约是五年前成立的，用以将　贵公司的乳制品销到台湾。我很高兴向各位报告，到目前为止业绩非常好。事实上，因为产品销售这么好，所以我已建议与贵公司共同在纽西兰设立酪农场，以销售更多贵公司优异的产品。
   我停留此地短短时间里，我看了贵公司的许多农场，你们以现代化的方法运用到酪农场，让我印象深刻。
   趁此机会祝我们两家公司能不断的发展，再一次谢谢大家的关照。
四、在亚洲别家公司来访的欢迎会上（对象：业务员。地点：香港）
Mr. President, ladies and gentlemen:
   Shieh Hua-Tung is my name and I am a computer salesman for Top Industries. I have just spent a few days visiting your plant here in Kowloon and have been asked by your president to give you my impressions. I have particularly noted the high level of skills shown by your employees, which makes me feel that your firm and mine stand to gain a grin a great deal from each other in developing new production techniques. We would be most happy to welcome any of your staff interested in seeing our facilities back in Taiwan. I do appreciate your hospitality and may I wish you every success in the future. If I can be of any help, please don’t hesitate to contact me.
总经理，各位女士，各位先生：
    谢华东是我的名字，我是顶尖工业的计算机业务员。我刚花了几天的时间参观了你们九龙此地的工厂，并应贵公司总经理之请，发表我的感想。
    我特别注意到贵公司员工的高水平技术，使我认为在开发新的生产技术上，贵公司和敝公司站在一起以图大大地互蒙其利。贵公司员工对我们在台湾的设备有兴趣参观者，本公司很高兴欢迎前来。
    我很感谢你们的款待，祝你们将来更为成功。如果有需要我帮忙的，尽管与我联络。
四、在亚洲别家公司来访的欢迎会上（对象：汽车制造厂工程师。地点：马尼拉）
President Escudero, fellow engineers:
   My name is Lee Tsun-Tao. I’m an engineer with Thunderbird Motors and I have just had the Privilege of visiting your plant in this fascinating city of Manila, home of the world-renowned San Miguel beer.
   In the last few days, I have met many of your people, who have impressed me with their energy and enthusiasm, so typical in your country. Yours is still a relatively new operation, but already it is  making a name for itself. Your competitors will certainly have to work very hard to keep up with you.
   Upon my return to Taiwan, I will make a full report on your factory and it is my hope that one of these days we can do business together.
   I thank you for letting me give you these brief comments.
艾斯古德罗总经理，各位工程师：
   我名叫李宗道，我是雷鸟汽车的工程师，获得特许刚参观过贵公司在迷人的马尼拉市的工厂，马尼拉是世界闻名的San Miguel啤酒的故乡。
   过去几天，我与贵公司很多员工接触过，给我的印象是他们有活力，够热诚，这是贵国所特有的。
   贵公司营运算是相当新的，已经有了名声。你们的竞争者必须非常努力才追得上你们。
   我一回到台湾就做一份对于贵厂的完整报告，我希望这几天中能找一天我们能一起办些事。
   感谢你们让我提出这简短的评论。
四、在亚洲别家公司来访的欢迎会上（对象：证券公司员工。地点：曼谷）
   Mr. President, members of the stock exchange:
My name is Lee Shin and I represent the General Securities Company of Taiwan. I have been asked to make a few remarks to you at this time.
   Eleven months ago, we established a small branch here in Bangkok,
   And during my visit, I have had the pleasure of observing your activities
   Here on the stock exchange floor. In spite of the fact that your exchange
   Was only excellent reputation for efficiency and smoothness operation.
   My colleagues at this Bangkok branch have also praised this efficiency,
   As well as your knowledge of the international securities market.
   Thank you for your kind attention, and may I wish you a prosperous  future.
总经理，证券交易所各位先生：
   我的名字是李欣，我代表台湾街领证券公司。我应邀对大家说几句话。
   十一个月前我们在曼谷此地成立一家小分公司，在我停留期间，我很高兴看见各位在证券公司里面展现活力。尽管事实上你成立证券交易所才有两年的历史，但你们的效率与运作顺畅已赢得卓越的名声。
   我在曼谷分公司的同僚也称赞此一效率，以及你们对于国际证券市场的知识。
   谢谢各位，祝你们未来鸿图大展。
四、在亚洲别家公司来访的欢迎会上（对象：电器制造厂员工。地点：新加坡）
Mr. President, staff members:
   Let me introduce myself. I work for the Fushan Electric Company and my name is Lee Chiang. Since the time our two firms decided to join forces here in the cleanest city in Asia, I am happy to be able to report that our joint venture has been doing very well.
   It is true that we are a small company, but with your kind cooperation, sales of electrical goods imported from us have steadily risen, and likewise, so have your exports to us.
   This visit has been most helpful in giving me a chance to see with my own eyes your employees’ dedication to their work and your advanced warehouse setup.
   I feel confident that our business will continue to grow even more. Thank you for allowing me the chance to be with you.
总经理，各位同仁：
    我来介绍我自己，我在富山电机公司服务，我的名字是李强。自我们两家公司决定在亚洲这个最干净的都市合作以来，现在我可以报告说我们的合资企业营运很顺利。
    我们是家小公司，这是事实，但由于你们的合作，从我们进口的电气产品在销售上稳定上升，同样的情况也发生在你们销给我们的出口品上。
    此行对我助益很大，我有此机会亲眼目睹   贵公司员工卖力工作以及先进的仓库管理设备。
    我对我们的事业继续茁壮深具信心。谢谢你们让我有这机会与大家聚聚
四、在亚洲别家公司来访的欢迎会上（对象：艺术家。地点：新德里）
Mr. President, members of the ant council:
   My name is Shieh Hung-kwo and I am a painter. Last year I was asked to exhibit some of my paintings in New Delhi and recently I was invited to come to your fair city and talk about them. Since I must leave for Taiwan in a few days, I wanted to express my thanks to you for the opportunity of showing my pictures and letting me speak about them in detail.
   I feel privileged to have met you and to have been able to discuss my work. Many countries, and that includes mine, have learned and benefited so much from India’s long history and great culture.
   I hope we have further exchanges such as these, and I hope your artists and painters will be able to visit Shanghai and exhibit their art there. Art there. Thank you again for everything.
总经理，各位艺术学会的会员：
   我的名字是谢洪国，我是位画家。去年我受邀在新德里展览我的一些画作，最近则受邀来到你们这美丽的城市来谈谈我的画。因为再几天我就得启程回台湾，你们给我机会展示我的画，让我细谈这些画，我要表示我的感谢。
   与你们见面，又能同你们讨论我的作品，我感觉对我是份殊荣。许多国家，包括我的国家，从印度的长久历史和伟大的文化中学到很多，受益很多。
   我希望我们能有像这样的进一步的交流，也希望你们的艺术家与画家能够到上海访问、展览作品。
   多谢你们的各种协助。
五、接受当地人邀请的聚会上 （对象：大学生。地点：旧金山）
   Harry, it was really nice of you to invite us to San Francisco. This is the dream of most Chinese, to visit America.
   But if you don’t know anyone in a big city, it’s easy to fool hesitant about going there. Some around their hotels, for fear of getting attacked or lost. Even if you can overcome these worries, it’s not always easy to think of interesting places to go. So we’ll feel much more at ease just knowing that there is a friend nearby.
   You know how much we really enjoy your company, but we don’t want to interfere with your studies. So just let us know your schedule, and we can get together to go sightseeing at your convenience. And when you have school work to do, maybe you can recommend some places for us to go alone.
   Let’s talk it over during dinner, shall we? So as our first step, where can we have a dinner?
   哈利，你邀请我们到旧金山来玩，真是太棒了，到美国玩，是大多数中国人的愿望。
   但是甘果在一个大城市中，谁也不认识，那就很容易里足不前了。有些观光客可能就在旅馆里或附近度过大耜分的假期，因为害怕遭受攻击或迷路。但即做你能克服这类伤脑筋的事，要想出一些好玩的地方总是很不容易。所以，在附近有位朋友，就感觉轻松多了。
   你知道有你作陪，我们真的非常高兴，但我们不想妨碍你的功课。所以只要告诉我们你的时间表，那我们就可以在你方便的时候和你一起观光。你忙功课时，或许你可以建议一些地方我们可以自己去。
   我们吃饭时边吃边聊，好不好？那么我们第一步就是，我们到哪里吃饭？
五、接受当地人邀请的聚会上 （对象：中年商店主人。地点：伦敦）
   Hello, Mrs. Williams. We do appreciate your kind invitation to visit London. In Shanghai we al-ways read so many things, and see so much on television, about England. So we feel most fortunate to actually be able to come here.
   It’s a lovely city and there doesn’t seem to be all the rain that we’ve heard so much about. Do you think the weather will stay so nice all the time we’re here? We’d like to be able to go see some of famous sights on days like today.
   One of these evenings, we’d love to see the London Philharmonic, or a similar orchestra. Can you recommend any performances in the next few days?
   Incidentally, we have a little souvenir from Taiwan for you. It’s a Chine silk knot. It can bring in busing in business and good luck. Our best wishes for your prosperity come with it.
   你好，威廉斯太太。好意邀请我们到伦敦来，我们非常感激。在上海，我们经常读到、在电视上看到许多关于英国的事物。我们能够实地到这儿，我们感到很幸运。
   这是个可爱的城市，似乎不像我们听到的那么多雨。你想我们停留期间，这天气会一直都这么好吗？像今天这么好的日子，我们希望可以到一些名胜去看看。
   找一个晚上我们想去看伦敦爱乐交响乐团，或类似的管弦乐团。你能不能介绍未来几天的演奏？
   对了，我们从台湾带来了一份小纪念品，那是中国丝结，会带来生意首好运。我们心祝你因此而万事如意。
五、接受当地人邀请的聚会上 （对象：年长的务农者。地点：雪梨）
   Hello, Mr. Clarke. It’s so nice to be able to come “down under’’ to Sydney, thanks to your kind invitation. Since our houses are so small in Shanghai, we could hardly believe that all of us would be able to stay at your farmhouse. But we insist on giving you a hand with the chores. It it’s like Shanghai, a farmer’s work is never done, and a few extra bodies might make it go a little faster.
   Say, we brought you a souvenir. It’s a Kirin model. It’s for good luck. We hope it will help to bring you good luck.
   Sometime during our stay, we would like to be able to see some of the things which can be found only in Australia, like kangaroos and koala bears.
   Now, how about if we go to a pub where we might buy you a drink?
   你好，克拉克先生。你好意邀请，才使我们能够“南下”雪梨。我们在上海的房子都很小，所以我们几乎无法相信我们竟能到你的农场小任。但我们坚持要帮你打打亭 。如果上海湾一样，农人的工作永远是做不完的，那么多几个人手或许能够快一点。
   对了，我们带给你一份纪念品，这是麒麟模型，它会带来好运。我们希望它会为你带来好运。
   在我们停留期间，想找个时间可以去看一些只有在澳洲才有的东西，像袋鼠和无尾态。
   现在我们去酒馆请你喝一杯怎样？
五、接受当地人邀请的聚会上 （对象：资深护士。地点：基督院）
   Good morning, Sister Florence. It’s so nice to see you again. You’re looking very well. We want to express our appreciation to you for inviting us here. None of us would have even considered coming to Christchurch otherwise, since it is a bit off the beaten path. But we know now how lucky we are to have bee able to come. New Zealand is one of the most beautiful places we’ve ever visited. We are looking forward to seeing the Cathedral Square, and any other places you might recommend.
Oh, by the way, we brought you a small souvenir from Taiwan as a gesture of our gratitude. It’s a Chinese doll.
   There are so many things for us to talk about. We’re wondering if you still working those long, tiresome hours. How about going to get a cup of tea, and we can have a nice chat.
   早安，萝伦丝修女。跟再见面真好。你看起来气色很不错。邀请我们来此地，我们非常感谢。我们之中没有人想到会到基督院来，因为它满偏远的。
   但现在我们了解能够到这儿来，真是幸运。纽西兰是我们走过最美的地方之一。我们期待能看看大教堂广场，以及推荐的地方。
   对了，我们带给一份小礼物以表示我们的谢意，就是这个中国玩偶。
   有很多事我们要谈的，我们不知道在漫长、沉闷的时刻们是不是还要工作，我们去喝杯茶，好好聊一聊怎样？
六、出席国际会议（对象：国际研讨会主席）
   My dear friends, good evening, and welcome to the Seventh Annual International Nature Lovers’ Symposium.
   As I look out into the audience, I am happy to see many of last year’s participants who have returned to continue their support. And may I extend a warm welcome to those who are here for the first time.
   I feel especially good about having the meeting here in Hsitou, Taiwan this year. As you all know, we Chinese really love and respect nature, even to the extent that it is probably the basis of our deepest religious roots. The atmosphere of this natural setting can help us to awaken our inner feelings, and inspire us to seek a proper relationship between ourselves and the natural environment.
   Let me encourage each of you to visit the pond here when our meeting finishes this afternoon. Perhaps we can begin tomorrow’s activities by sharing impressions of the here and now.
   Please enjoy yourselves and I’ll see you tomorrow.
   各位朋友，晚安，欢迎莅临第七届大自然爱好者研讨会。
   当我朝听众看看的时候，我很高兴看到许多去年与会者回来继续给予支持。我也对第一次来此的朋友表示热烈的欢迎。
   今年在台湾溪头此地开会，我感觉特别的样，大家都知道，我们中国人热爱、敬重大自然，甚至到了这样的程度：那就是这可能是我们最深沉的宗教根源的基础所在。此一自然环境的气氛可以帮助我们唤醒我们内在的感情，激发我们寻找我们与自然环境之间理想的关系。
   今天下午会议结束时，大家可以到此地的池溏去看看。也许我们开始明天的活动时，可以共享此时此地的印象。
   大家好好玩，明天见。
六、出席国际会议（对象：社会福利活动指导会议开幕致辞）
   Ladies and gentlemen: Tonight marks the opening meeting of the World Social Welfare Activities Steering Committee. It is our responsibility and privilege to ascertain the direction of our methods and types of assistance to the needy and underprivileged peoples of the world.
   Starting off the program will be Mr. ho and Mr. Garcia reporting on the recent disastrous hurricanes in the Pacific. Also of immediate concern is Mr. Quai’s information regarding the current African famine. Our research and analysis of these current problems, and proposed long-term solutions will undoubtedly have a considerable influence upon the kinds and amounts of relief that will immediately be distributed to the victims.
   Of less critical concern, but requiring a high priority for our attention, is the deforestation of the tropics.
   But these topics will just start the ball rolling. All of you have been asked to submit prospective topics for our meetings, and any relevant research. Each person’s insight and hard work is appreciated. And now, may I present Mr. ho and Mr. Garcia.
   各位女士，各位先生：
   今晚开始了世界社会福利活动指导会议的开幕会。对于援助世界上贫穷、社会地位低落的人们，确定援助方式与型态的方针是我们的责任与特有的权利。
   程序由索先生与贾西亚先生开始，报告最近在大西洋造成灾难的飓风，紧接着是凯先生对于目前非洲饥荒的报告。我们对当前这些问题的研究与分析，以及提出来的长期的解决方案，无疑地对于救助的重类与数量有相当的影响，此项救助将立即发给受灾者。
   比较不迫切，但仍需给予高度优先关切的问题是热带地区森林的砍伐。
   但这此问题只是刚开始，各位都被要求为我们的对提出今后的问题以及任何有关的研究。每个人的用心观察与努力都要予以致谢。
   现在介绍索先生与贾西亚先生。
六、出席国际会议（对象：合资企业开幕典礼上的来宾致辞）
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen:
   My name is Wang Chi-Chung, of Great Bay Electronics. It is my pleasure to be able to come to the inauguration party of Wizard, Inc. I am glad to see some of my friends from American Business Machines are also in attendance tonight.
   It s no secret! We are also in all optimistic about our with major project: the Wizard Word Processor with a spellcheck- dictionary built in, and a daisy wheel for letter- perfect printing. Also, there is an input for an optional floppy-disk or computer.
   We’ll let the other companies fiddle around with dots and grimmicks, which still will not give letter- perfect quality for some time to come. Meanwhile, marketing suggests that within months of its release this inexpensive unit should capture a considerable share of the world market of people using Romanized letters.
   So all of you wizards out there, do your stuff and create your magic!
各位女士，各位先生晚安：
   我是大海湾电子的汪志忠，今天很荣幸能出席行家公司的开幕典礼。我很高兴一些我来自美国事务机器公司的朋友今晚也出席了。
   这不是什么秘密！我们都对于我们的第一个大计划很乐：就是行家文定处理机---------内含拼字索检的字典和可以正确无误印表的圆形字盘。而且选用软式磁盘或计算机也可以输入。
   我们要让别家公司要花一段时间制作产品才能生产完美产品。同时，从市场行销可知在发售几个月内，这种不贵的机器将攫取相当大的一部分罗马体字母使用者的世界市场。
   所以，在那个领域的各位行家，尽力发挥吧！
七、座谈会的开场白（对象：以日本代表团的代表身分致辞）
   Good morning, gentlemen. It is my pleasure to be here as a representative of the Japan Fisheries Commission. In case you don’t remember, my name is Masayuki Chigusa.
   I am glad to see that we were able to get together in this manner for private talks. Often in Japan matters are discussed at informal talks, just like here, until a consensus of opinion is reached. Then it is presented by the spokesman of the group. So, often commitments cannot be made without discussing matters democratically regardless of the merits of a proposal.
   Another thing I hope that you’ll pear with is the Japanese tendencies of stoicism, reserved opinions, and the desire to see all sides of the picture before making a decision. So don’t get the feeling that I’m a wet blanket if I don’t react enthusiasm, especially if all viewpoints have not been considered. And, on my side, I’ll try to communicate my feelings as honestly as possible, to everyone’s benefit.
   Let’s hope for fruitful talks that will help to shape improved relations.
各位先生早。
    很荣幸能代表日本渔业委员会出席。可能你们记不得我的名字，我的名字是千种昌之。
    我很高兴看到我们能够如此集会作私底下的会谈。在日本常在非正式的会谈中讨论事情，就像这里，直到达成共识。然我由团体的发言人提出。所以，不管
    提案有何便点，没有经由民主的讨论，常常就不能做成决议事项。另一件我希望你们都能忍受的事是：在下决定之前，日本人有自制、保留意见、以及考虑各种状况的倾向。所以，如果我没有表现出反应热烈，尤其是如果所有的观点没有全被考虑到时，请不要认为我是煞风景的人。而我这边，我会竭诚把我的感受告诉大家，希望对大家有点帮助。
    让我们期待会谈会有结果，这将有助于形成更好的关系。
七、座谈会的开场白（对象：以亚洲代表身分出席）
Hello, Tom, Jerry, Duffy and Lucy.
   It’s nice to see all of you again. Now, if you still find my name difficult to pronounce, it’s Wei Yu-Ju. I am representing women in the Asian Countries Delegation of the World Women’s Rights Council.
   Although many people in the West feel that all Orientals seem very much alike, we all find our own particular nationalities and cultures unique. Of course, we share a common background and history in many respects. But our present-day languages, styles of dress, and daily lifestyles vary considerably. The current economic and political systems in each of the Asian countries are important in influencing each of us in different ways.
   But if there is an underlying connection among Asian women, it must be in the unfair treatment we receive from chauvinistic men. Simply by our gender, we are judged to be second-class citizens. Only by organizing and finding external support can we hope to ever break out of our inferior status.
   Ladies, let’s talk about what we’re going to do about it!
   哈，汤姆，杰瑞，杜飞，还有露西。
    再看到你们大家，真是高兴。现在，如果你们还是觉得我的名字很难念，那是魏妤如。我是世界女权协会的西洲国家代表团妇女的代表。
    虽然许多西方人士认为所有的东方人似乎都很像，我们都发现我们有自己特别的民族性和独特的文化。当然，在许多方面我们有共同的背景和历史。但我们现在的语言、服装风格、以及日常生活方式却有相当程度的不同。当前每一个亚洲国家的经济和政治体系，在许多方面影响到我们每一个国家，这一点是很重要的。
    但如果在亚洲妇女之间有隐而不见的联系，那必定会受到具有沙文主义之男性的不平等对待。仅仅因我们的性别，我们就被判为二等公民。只有经由组织、寻求外来的支持，我们才能指望超脱出我们低落的地位。
    各位女士，让我们来讨论我们怎么做吧！
七、座谈会的开场白（对象：展览会的筹备会议）
   Good morning, gentlemen. My name is Chen Dah-han. I really didn’t intend to talk today, since my primary role is to provide assistance to Ms. Garfield, who is handling the Food circus at the event.
   However, since the point has come up regarding the division of space in the pavilion, I will give you the information I have on it. There are twenty-seven countries which have expressed an interest in serving their own countries’ special foods. We have set a size limit on each stall of 20 feet by 25 feet, which includes preparation and sales areas. Centrally located, there will be a common lunch area with seating for five hundred people, although it will probably be used as a rest area as much as a place for eating.
   I’ll be happy to answer any other questions regarding the plan for the Food Circus. If there is nothing else, I’ll just sit down now and let you get on with your business.
    各位先生早。我名叫陈大山。我今天本来不打算讲话，因为我主要的职责是对贾菲德小姐提供协助，她在会场负责食品广场。
   然而，因为展示馆的空间配置有了问题，我就将我所知道的告诉各位。有二十七个国家表示愿提供自己国家特有的食品。我们对每个摊位限定在20乘25盏牡胤剑这包括了预备与销售区。在中央的位置，也有一个大众的午餐区，有容得下五百个人的座位，虽然被当作休息区使用和被用来进餐的情形很可能是一样多的。
   关于食品广场计划的任何其它问题，我都很乐意回答。如果没别的事，我现在就坐下来，让你们的会议继续进行。
八、Homestay的带团者或学生（对象：带团者致谢辞与介绍学生）
   Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Wang Ruei-Shian, and I the leader of this group of students from Shanghai. We are very grateful for your kind invitation to stay at your homes for the next week. Being given the opportunity to meet people and to stay with them allows far more rewarding experiences than staying at a dormitory or hotel with other Chinese. And we hope that we can also find pleasure and become more culturally knowledgeable from your hospitality. Host family members, please realize that we Chinese are a little more reserved at times than some of your other friends, so be sure not to mistake this for displeasure on our part. Anyway, if you’d like to contact me at any time, I’ll be staying with our old friends, Randy and Sarah Walter. Their phone number is 307-5146. Now, I’ll ask each Chinese student to state his or her name, and then you’ll be able meet your new families.
   各位女士，各位先生，大家早。
   我的名字是汪瑞先，我是来自上海的学生团带团者。
   我们非常感谢你们好意邀请他们在未来的一个星期中住在你们家里。能够有机会与大相聚、共同生活，这种经验远比与其它中国人待在宿舍或旅馆还有价值得多。我们希望我们也能从你们的殷勤接待中找到欢乐，增广文化上的见闻。
   各位接待家庭的成员，请你们了解到，与你们的其它朋友相比，我们中国人有时候是稍微拘谨了一点，所以务请不要误解为是我们不高兴。
   不管怎样，如果你们任何时候想找我，我就住在蓝迪和莎拉，华特斯的家，他们的电话号码是307-5146.
   现在，请每位学生各自说出自己的名字，然后就可以与你们的新家人见面了。
八、Homestay的带团者或学生（对象：到英语系国家研修的中学老师）
   Hello, Mr. And Mrs. Doyle. I’m Ching-Shia. It’s nice to meet you at last. I’m afraid I’m not very good at getting around in airports, so it’s such a relief to see your smiling faces and your shin with “Ching-Shia” on it. I’m sure that I’m the only person here today with that name!
   You may remember from our correspondence that I gave my occupation as “English teacher in junior high school. “ But this doesn’t necessarily mean that I can speak English fluently. Just like music composers who aren’t particularly fine performers, many English teachers in Taiwan are more well-versed in the grammatical aspects of the language than in actually speaking it.
   But part of what I hope for on this trip is to be able to brush up on my English. I would like to go to the language lab about an hour a day, and then just spend the rest of my time doing the usual daily activities.
   So please, don’t do anything special because I’m here. And meanwhile, if I can assist you in any way, don’t hesitate to ask.
   哈，道义尔先生、太太，我是青霞。真高兴终于见到你们了。我很担心我对机场不热，所以看到你们微笑的脸孔和写有“青霞”的牌子，我才放下心中的石头。我确信今天在这儿有这个名字的，我是唯一的一个！
   你们也许还记得在我们通信中，我说过我的职业是“国中英语教师”。但这不一定表示我的英语讲得很流利。就像演奏不是特别优秀的作曲家，台湾很多英语老师在英文文法方面精通的程度，胜过实际上的说讲英语。
   但我此行的部分希望是能磨练我的英语。我想每天去语言实验教室一个镜头，然后剩下的其它时间做日常的活动。
   所以请不要因为我在这里而特地做些什么。同时，如果有我可以帮忙的地方，请不要客气叫我做好了。
八、Homestay的带团者或学生（对象：初次经历停留国外的大学生）
   你是何姆斯先生和太太吗？喔，我好高兴。我跑遍整个机场找场找你们。来这一趟真不容易。
   到机场途中，就在检查站，我的剪刀被没收了，我应该到这儿才可以取回。然后，到了机场，我被挡住，因为我的行李超重了，我不清楚可以带多少，可以带什么。每一件行李付了七十五美元之后，我差点来不及，因为我手头没有足够的新台币付机场的税。
   然后，飞航又耽搁了，因为机场安全防卫发现了一只不知是谁的行李。结果发现是我超量行李中的一件！
   飞行中，在我前面的美国人威胁要揍我，因为我在吸烟区吸烟，而他的座位在禁烟区边。
   我一去拿我的剪刀，填好行李遗失报告──稍后我再告诉你们──我们可以走了。
八、Homestay的带团者或学生（对象：成绩优异但很内向的高中生）
Good morning, Mr. And Mrs. Dean, and you must be Jamie, Jr.
   It’s nice to meet you. If I look a little nervous, don’t worry. It’s not because of you. Meeting people and making conversation just don’t come easy to me. There are two things I dread in this world: one is the dentist, and the other is speaking in public. （All laughs.）
   In Shanghai there are always tremendous crowds commuting to work and going to major events. It is said that Chinese enjoy crowds. But not me! I really become uncomfortable around too many people. So, it feels good here in Oregon, where a person has plenty of elbowroom.
   Also, just talking to someone requires a mustering of courage. And when I am asked to give a speech in front of the class, sometimes, I really feel sick.
   Anyway, you are all so nice, and I do want to be able to communicate with you. So please, bear with me and help me to improve my confidence in speaking English.
   早安，迪恩先生、太太，你一定就是小杰米了。
   很高兴和你们见面。如果我有点紧张，不用担心，那不是因为你们的关系。跟人s面、讲话，对我不是件容易的事。这世界上我怕两件事，一是看牙医，一是在众人面前讲话。（大家都笑了。）
   在上海总是有大量的人潮通勤上班，以及参加大活动。据说中国人喜欢热闹。但我不是！同遭有太多的人时，我真的会很不自在。所以，俄勒冈这里让人感觉真好，可以有很大的活动空间。
   还有，仅仅是跟人家说话，就需要鼓足通气，当我被要求在全班同学面前说，我真的感觉很难受。
   不管怎样，你们都这么好，我好想能与你们沟通。所以，请容忍我、帮助我在讲英语方面更加有信心。
八、Homestay的带团者或学生（对象：带团者对接待家庭致谢辞）
   Good evening, everybody. Once again we’re all together here. I can’t believe that it’s been two weeks already. But, as the saying goes, ‘Time flies when you’re having fun.’’
   All of the members of the host families have been just wonderful. Every day the Chinese students have been telling me how kind you have all been, and about the interesting places that they have been taken. If we can come again next year, perhaps we can all go to the rodeo together. It seemed to be especially worthwhile to everyone who went.
   Of course all of you will become celebrities back in Shanghai, with students telling their friends and showing photographs of their lovely time here. As a small token of our appreciation, each student has a small wrapping cloth in traditional Chinese design, on which he or she has written the host’s name in Chinese characters.
   Please let us know if you can visit us sometime Until then, you again, or as we say in Chinese, ‘Zaijian !’
   大家晚安。我们大家又在这里见面了。我真不敢相信已经过两个礼拜了。但是，就像俗话所说，“欢乐的时候，时间过得特别快。”
   所有接待家庭的成员都很了不起，每一天都有中国学生告诉我你们是夕么的好，以及去过了哪些好玩的地方。如果明年我们起再来，或许我们可以一起去看牛仔的竞技表演。对于每一位去过的人好像特别有不虚此行的感觉。
   当然，随着学生们回上海后，告诉他们的朋友，展示出在这里这段美好时光的照片，那你们都成了名人了。每位学生都有一块小小的包布，是传统的中国样式，上面写有招待家庭主人的中国名字，作为表示感激的小标记。
   如果有时间可以找我们玩，请告诉我们，那时就可以再见面了，或者，就像我们中国话所说的“再见”！