1998年全国硕士学位研究生入学考试英语试题2

Passage 4
　Emerging from the 1980 census is the picture of a nation developing more and more regional competition, as population growth in the Northeast and Midwest reaches a near standstill.
　This development - and its strong implications for US politics and economy in years ahead - has enthroned the South as America's most densely populated region for the first time in the history of the nation's head counting.
　Altogether, the US population rose in the 1970s by 23.2 million people - numerically the third largest growth ever recorded in a single decade. Even so, that gain adds up to only 11.4 percent, lowest in American annual records except for the Depression years.
　Americans have been migrating south and west in larger number since World War II, and the pattern still prevails.
　Three sun belt states - Florida, Texas and California - together had nearly 10 million more people in 1980 than a decade earlier. Among large cities, San Diego moved from 14th to 8th and San Antonio from 15th to 10th - with Cleveland and Washington.DC,dropping out of the top 10.
　Not all that shift can be attributed to the movement out of the snow belt, census officials say, Nonstop waves of immigrants played a role, too - and so did bigger crops of babies as yesterday's "baby boom" generation reached its child bearing years.
　Moreover, demographers see the continuing shift south and west as joined by a related but newer phenomenon: More and more, Americans apparently are looking not just for places with more jobs but with fewer people, too. Some instances-
　Regionally, the Rocky Mountain states reported the most rapid growth rate - 37.1 percent since 1970 in a vast area with only 5 percent of the US population.
　Among states, Nevada and Arizona grew fastest of all: 63.5 and 53.1 percent respectively. Except fro Florida and Texas, the top 10 in rate of growth is composed of Western states with 7.5 million people - about 9 per square mile.
　The flight from overcrowdedness affects the migration from snow belt to morebearable climates.
　Nowhere do 1980 census statistics dramatize more the American search for spacious living than in the Far West. There, California added 3.7 million to its population in the 1970s, more than any other state.
　In that decade, however, large numbers also migrated from California, mostly to other parts of the West. Often they chose - and still are choosing - somewhat colder climates such as Oregon, Idaho and Alaska in order to escape smog, crime and other plagues of urbanization in the Golden State.
　As a result, California's growth rate dropped during the 1970s, to 18.5 percent - little more than two thirds the 1960s growth figure and considerably below that of other Western states.
Discerned from the perplexing picture of population growth the 1980 census provided, America in 1970s _____ .
A)enjoyed the lowest net growth of population in history
B)witnessed a southwestern shift of population
C)underwent an unparalleled period of population growth
D)brought to a standstill its pattern of migration since World dWar II
The census distinguished itself from previous studies on population movement in that _____ .
A)it stresses the climatic influence on population distribution
B)it highlights the contribution of continuous waves of immigrants
C)it reveals the Americans' new persuit of spacious living
D)it elaborates the delayed effects of yesterday's "baby boom"
We can see from the available statistics that _____ .
A)California was once the most thinly populated area in the whole US
B)the top 10 states in growth rate of population were all located in the West
C)cities with better climates benefited unanimously from migration
D)Arizona ranked second of all states in its growth rate of population
The word "demographers" (Line 1, Paragraph 8) most probably means _____ .
A)people infavor of the trend of democracy
B)advocates of migration between states
C)scientists engaged in the studey of population
D)conservatives clinging to old patterns of life
Passage 5
　Scattered around the globe are more than 100 small regions of isolated volcanic activity known to geologists as hot spots. Unlike most of the world's volcanoes, they are not always found at the boundaries of the great drifting plates that make up the earth's surface; on the contrary, many of them lie deep in the interior of a plate. Most of the hot spots move only slowly, and in some cases the movement of the plates past them has left trails of dead volcanoes. The hot spots and their volcanic trails are milestones that mark the passage of the plates.
　That the plates are moving is not beyond dispute. Africa and South America, for example, are moving away from eath other as new material is injected into the sea floor between them. The complementary coastlines and certain geological features that seem to span the ocean are reminders of where the two continents were once joined. The relative motion of the plates carrying these continents has been constructed in detail, but the motion of one plate with respect to another cannot readily be translated into motion with respect to the earth's interior. It is not possible to determine whether both continents are moving in opposite direcitons or whether one continent is stationary and the other is drifting away from it. Hot spots,anchored in the deeper layers of the earth, provide the measuring instruments needed to resolve the quesiton. From an analysis of the hot spot popultion it appears that the African plate is stationary and that it has not moved during the past 30 million years.
　The significance of hot spots is not confined to their role as a frame of reference. It now appears that they also have an important influence on the geophysical processes that propel the plates across the globe. When a continental plate come to rest over a hot spot, the material rising from deeper layer creates a broad dome. As the dome grows, it develops seed fissures(cracks); in at least a few cases the continent may break entirely along some of these fissures, so that the hot spot initiates the formation of a new ocean. Thus just as earlier theories have explanied the mobility of the continents, so hot spots may explain their mutability(inconstance).
The author believes that _____ .
A)the motion of the plates corresponds to that of the earth's interior
B)the geological theory about drifting plates has been proved to be true
C)the hot spots and the plates move slowly in opposite directions
D)the movement of hot spots proves the continents are moving apart
That Africa and South America were once joined can be deduced from the fact that _____ .
A)the two continents are still moving in opposite direcitons
B)they have been found to share certain geological features
C)the African plates has been stable for 30 million years
D)over 100 hot spots are scattered all around the globe
The hot spot theory may prove useful in explaining _____ .
A)the structure of the African plates
B)the revival of dead volcanoes
C)the mobility of the continents
D)the formation of new oceans
The passage is mainly about _____ .
A)the features of volcanic activities
B)the importance of the theory about drifting plates
C)the significance of hot spots in geophysical studies
D)the process of the formation of volcanoes
Part IV English Chinese Translation
Directions:Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined sentences into Chinese. Your translation must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET II. (15 points).
　They were, by far, the largest and most distant objects that scientists had ever decteded: a strip of enourmous cosmic clouds some 15 billion light years from earth. 71) But even more important, it was the farthest that scientists had been able to look into the past, for what they were seeing were the patterns and structures that existed 15 billion years ago. That was just about the moment that the universe was born. What the researchers found was at once both amazing and expected; the US National Aeronautics and Space Administratin's Cosmic Background Explorer satellite -Cobe-had disvocered landmark evidence that the universe did in fact begin with the primeval explosion that has become known as the Big Bang(the theory that the universe originated in an explosion from a single mass of energy).
　72) The existence of the giant clouds was virtually required for the Big Bang, first put forward in the 1920s, to maintain its reign as the dominant explanation of the cosmos. According the the theory, the universe burst into being as a submicroscopic, unimaginable dense knot of pure energy that flew outward in all directions, emitting radiation as it went, condensing into particles and then into atoms of gas. Over billions of years, the gas was compressed by gravity into galaxies, stars, plants and eventully, even humans.
　Cobe is designed to see just the biggest structures, but astronomers would like to see much smaller hot spots as well, the seeds of local objects like clusters and superclusters of galaxies. They shouldn't have long to wait. 73) Astrophysicists working with ground based detectors at the South Pole and balloon borne instruments are closing in on such structures, and may report their findings soon.
　74) If the small hot spots look as expected, that will be a triumph for yet another scientific idea, a refinement of the Big Bang called the inflationary universe theory. Inflation says that very early on, the unverse expanded in size by more than a trillion trillion trillion trillionfold in much less than a second, propelled by a sort of antigravity. 75) Odd though it sounds, cosmic inflation is a scientifically plausible consequence of some respected ideas in elementary particle physics, and many astrophysicists have been conviced for the better part of a decade that it is true.
71._______________.
72._______________.
73._______________.
74._______________.
75._______________.
Part V Writing (15 points)
Directions:
A.Study the following cartoon carefully and write an essay in no less than 150words.
B.Your essay must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET II.
C.Your essay should meet the requirements below:
1. Write out the messages conveyed by the cartoon.
2. Give your comments
Part I Structure and Vocabulary
Section A(1-10)
BDBCADCDAA
Section B(11-20)
BDCBCBACAC
Section C(21-40)
CBDDDACBCBAADABCACBD
Part II Cloze Test(41-50)
ABDADDABCD
Part III Reading Comprehension(51-70)
CDDCABBACDAABCDCBBDC
Part IV English Chinese Translation
更为重要的是，这是科学家们所能观测到的最遥远的过去的景象，因为他们看到的是150亿年前宇宙云的形状和结构。
巨大的宇宙云的存在，实际上是使二十年代首创的大爆炸论得以保持其宇宙起源论的主导地位所不可缺少的。
天体物理学家使用南极陆基探测器及球载仪器，正越来越近地观测这些云系，也许不久会报告他们的观测结果。
假如那些小热点看上去同预计的一致，那就意味着又一科学论说的胜利，这种论说即更完美的大爆炸论，亦称宇宙膨胀说。
宇宙膨胀说虽然听似奇特，但它是基本粒子物理学中一些公认的理论在科学上看来可信的推论。许多天体物理学家七、八年来一直认为这一论说是正确的。
Part V Writing
第一篇
　Recently, more and more people have seen varieties of promises either from TV, newspaper or from other media. As is shown in the cartoon, even a hen has leanred how to promise. We all know that hen's duty is to lay eggs which should undoutbly consist of most elementary part. But the hen promises what she should do!(图画点题，夹叙夹议)
　With the development of the society and the improvement of people's living standard, more and more attention should be paid to the improvement of quality of service. Therefore, many enterprises and departments promise to better their services so as to meet the people's need better. They are also pleased to invite people to supervise what they have done and will do. But much to our surprise, some of them just say something that they should do. These promises are only laughted at by people. (解释配诗，又有议论)
　In my opinion, doing more is better than proming more. Because people are willing to be served really. All we should lay more emphasis on what we do and how we can virtually improve the level of service. Only in this way can we make people satisfied with what we do. (发表自己的观点)
　评语：内容切题，包括图画的全部信息；清楚表达其内涵，文字连贯；句式有变化，句子结构和用词正确，文章长度符合要求。本作文得13分
第二篇
Such A Promise
　There is a cartoon with the topic of "Such A Promise" says "Promises are often make in many business, that we welcome your supervisement and will not refuse it."
　But it's all what they should do and it's not at all necessary to sing this "song of civilization."(这两段写出了"message conveyed by the cartoon")
　Yes, it's ture, There are so many people thinking that it's not their obligation to do what they should do. They like to sing that "song of civilization" and pretend they were good to finish their job. But in fact, it's normal. People should finish their jobs heart and soul. Nice men do thier job without any vacant promise. They just do their best. Only such people can improve the development of the country. They are common. But they are needed, they are useful.
　Those who only can say something and always make vacant comments are not practical. They just say and not do. They are unfit for the modernization. They are harmful to our country. And there are so many such people. So we should have a thorough refermation just as we are doing now. We should improve our people's virgin and teach them to do more things than to say. (这两段为评论)
　评论：内容切题，包括图画的全部信息；比较清楚地表达其内涵，文字基本连贯；句式有一定变化，句子结构和用词无重大错误，文章长度符合要求。本作文得10分。
第三篇
　The carton shows us the messages conveyed. Today, we see messages conveyed in our life, this like the cartoon picture, the hen's promise, the hen's egg who are ensured the egg should be all the age things.
　From the cartoon, we see this recovered some problem. Some promise raised in our social. Firstly, some produties and some companies in order to gain profits, they nelected the peoples's hope and ieads. A serval proty says produce a large of by profitable. Secondly, some unit long for advance in some unite and factory, they seledom songs highly songs, which keep thier majority conditions, this generally made wrong measure to deal with our goverment, our people. Thirdly, this observes let's unpleasured and worried. This cheat factors bring up troulbes in people's life, the people don't know the massages conveyed is true or not. The messages conveyed is conveyed, or isn't conveyed.
　In my opinion that this observes large dangerous our life, the messages conveyed isn't conveyed, and the messages conveyed bring not conveyed. My comments that we improve and critics this observes, Our goverment and our solical must highly deal with this promblem, Our people must save this wrong action, let messages conveyed truely bring our life, let our solical have actually improved this problem, In order to our future.(10分，本题在于结构好，使阅卷老师"一不留神"就给了高分。)
第四篇
　From this cartoon, I laugh at the hen keep promises that she ought to do it. Hence, I think that many compnaies keep their promises like this now. Hens should lay eggs like this instead of keeping this promises.
　As Chinese economy is advancing, the commodity become rich. At the same time a lot of products that are not qualified one sold in market places. Although those products do great harm to people, the cases are encouraged by some admistrations because renevues can be gained from this. People complain this deeply.
　As a result, many companies assure people that their products and services are qulified. Consumers are all puzzled by those cases. Why do so many companies keep their promises that they should do?
　It is true that companies may show their advertisement, but they should not have done less than what they have promised. Companies should do their works honestly.(8分)
第五篇
PROMISE
　From the cartoon, we can see a hen promises that her eggs are in good qualities. At first sight, you may busrt into laughing, but do you realize what's meaning it hints? (cartoon)
　At present, promise is popular thoughout all the working areas. From radio, television or all kinds of newspaper, we can easily see one advertisement with good promise, such as the quality of goods, the ensurement of reparing, the exchangement, etc. Some sound reasonable, but some are not necessary.
　Some quality are a part of goods, so if it's no use of promising such things. And sometime it may gives rise to bad influence on goods. People may not think the goods are good enough. Make sure good promising is available!(8分)
第六篇
Such Promise
　At present, it is popular that all kinds of business and produce both make promise. All businessmen and producers make promise: it is happy for consumers' instructment. But, when the promise is produced by these businessmen and producer's, consumers will find the promise is "false". Because the promise is these bussinessmen and producers duty which shall be. As a hen produce eggs, the hen promised it produce a egg must be a real egg. Such promise! Is it humor?
　All kinds of business and producers promise is popular. Because there are many bussiness and producers, consumers have rights for selection. These producers make "false" promise for getting many consumers and expanding their sales. In my opinion, such promise isn't necessary. All producers should try their best to enhance their produce quality is vital. Only this, they can make their produce sale more and get more consumers. In modern market economy, these producers will be strong and will defeat other producers. (6分)
第七篇
　Nowday, many departments, example shop, band, impose to people the something what they ought to do. Shops impose that they do not sell false and bad goods. But they ought ot sell true and good goods. Why they impose what they ought to do. I think, first many departments do something that they ought to do.
　Example, some shops sell bad and false goods, so few of shop impose that they do not sell bad and false goods in order to earn more money. Other shop impose to people too. Second, these departments impose to people in order to frashion.(5分)
第八篇
Promise
　From the cartoon, we see that a hen has a promise about her eggs, we conclud the the promise is out of it ture implication and promise is of no use.
　Give the cartoon, I thought that a promise shout have its reponsibility for the costomber. Like the cartoon discribe, some one or some companies roast their product and it function no less than what there producty is. Therefore it leads to the consumer's fail, so we should plane some politics to prevent this pernomene. First, reinforce the country offercials work. Second, every company should reponside for what you have said and do it correctly. The last, every coustomber should rise his ability to distinguish the promise.
　With all describe, we can conclude that every company should sponsible for his promise and we also should do some to prvend him. (4分)
第九篇
　You can see the picture. after the hen lay eggs, what it show is humor. What it says is her own ability.
　Our country have many people like the hen what he do is his own things, but he pretend to advise(AD) The people should be critis and we should forbit it and force he to do good thing.(3分)
第十篇
　From the cartoon, we can see that the cook show his promise. But the promise is that she should do.
　A chicken broning egges is his responsibility. But (3分)
第十一篇
　With the development of society, and as the markets mechandise is carried on, many companies and enterprises have greatly involved the fights of advertisement. They spended lots of money on advertising. This is a good way to make the firms fames.
　But many enterprises advertisement fake the consume, make many people puzzle of thier products. This damage the advantages of many consumers.
　So I think we should punish the enterprises just that the cartoon reads.
　Their says were competely unreasonable and without any essense of their products' word. (2分)
第十二篇
Quality of Products
　Now our society is undergoing a reform from plannned economy to marketoriented economy. It bring us many benefits, including the raising of the material livings and entertainments. However, with the development of market economy, some people who do not observe the law take advantage of the opportunity to make money.
　To some manufacturers, regardless of the quality of products, they only care for making money. They make all sorts of promises, but virtually mean nothing. They do not avoid being invested. Like the drawing in the cartoon, the hen promises that the eggs she lays are bound to contain the three things all the eggs have. But whether the eggs can be eaten, it is another thing. Perhaps, they do not contain nurtrions at all. Thus we see that her promises is not relianble.
　As to the quality of products, people have a great concern to it. Inferior products make us suffer not only economally but also psychologily. When we spend some money but get nothing, we are sure to be angry. I hope that there are more laws about the quality of products to protect the consumer. As long as all of us take action, the quality of products will be improved greatly.(1分)
第十三篇
Quality of products
　in order to improve the quality of products made in this country, quality control will have to be effectively inforced. Many people have complained about products that don't work, sometimes shortly after they are bought, bikes that break down, radios that do not work, and even pens that refuse to write after a few words.
　Unless the quality of products is improved, people in our country will tend to buy foerign made products, we notice that many people prefer Japanese electronic products (radio, television, ect.) to those made here. It is said that the foreign made products are sure to be better than those homemade.
　Once quality control comes into force, domestic products can gradually best down the foreign products. As a result, buyers will turn back to homemade products. the sales of Chinese products within the contary and even outsidethe century will increase.(0分)
第十四篇
　From the carton above, we can see an odd thing. The eggs - having been known as round. But his producer has to announce and grarante his reality. It reflects that between producers and consumers they distrust each other.
　We live in a material world. Making money has become the most important thing. Because many symbolizes one's success and ability and can bring many benefits. So some products make fake production in sake of earning more money. when consumers buy thesefake production and are harmed, they don't believe producers no longer. They begin to seek productions safe and high quantity. Therefore, product, have to guarantee to consumers.
　In fact, in a long run, these cheating do harm to not only consumers, but also cheaters. In international competitions, quantity is the most important. High quantity bring good fame, and can bring good profits and can modify the competition. Above all, it can quarantee your comparison more and more large.
　Distrust can cantagions, so can trust. Honest is one of the most important virtues. We should keep honest and make the consumption equality. The government should take actions to regulate market. Laws should be make to warn fake producers. And our market will be more stable and prosperity. (0分)
第十五篇
Fake and inferior goods
　Fake and inferior goods can be seen everywhere. Almost every kind of goods not only in small shops, but in big department stores or markets, from daily necessies to industrical material, from soft drinking to clotheses. It would be fatal for the government to underestimate the destructive power of it.
　Fake and inferior good do lots harm for us. First, it damages not only the consumers interest, but their health and even their lives. Second most of fake and inferior good will damage the famous brands. Third more and more fake and inferior goods makes the consumers hesitate before choosing goods.
　Faced with fake and inferior goods we must take measure. First of all, helping to consumer improve their recognize. Second helping the consumer to distinguish fake and inferior good. So we can controlled and elimited fake and inferior goods. (0分)