英文：downaging
中文：公司调降员工的平均年龄来进行瘦身 (其采取的方式不外乎解雇年纪较大的员工或以较年轻的员工来取代他们)。
例句：Midlife insecurity extends far beyond concerns about appearance and prowess to the loss of what were once the perks of midlife, like job security, to such an extent that "downsizing" might be more appropriately termed "downaging." (The New York Times Book Review，纽约时报书评)
其他：名词。

英文: drag , drag racing , street racing
中文: 街头飙车 (汽车)。
其他: 名词。

英文：drill bit stock
中文：价格低于一元 (美元)的股票。
例句：Heard the latest lingo on the Street? It's "drill bit stocks," as in stocks trading in the drill-bit range (3/64, 5/16, etc.). (Fortune，财星杂志)
其他：名词。这个字是源自钻孔器 (drill bit) 的钻头尺寸都不大于1英迹如 1/4, 3/8, 7/16 等等。

英文：drive-by VC
中文：(仅提供资金给新公司 -- 但未提供其他支援或专业技术) 的创投公司或投资商。
例句：In a time of "drive-by VC" we are differentiated by our active, involved investment approach and the strength of operating skills we bring to the table,' said Jon Feiber, a general partner of MDV and co-managing partner of the funds. (Business Wire ，商业通信杂志)
其他：名词。有时我们会见到这个片语被全部拼出来：drive-by venture capitalist。

英文：drive-through delivery
中文：生产后仅在医院待了一段很短的时间。
其他：名词。

英文：dudette
中文：年轻女子，尤指受到同侪w慕和赞美的妙龄女子。
其他：名词。亦写成 dude-ette，通常用于 dudes and dudettes 这个片语中；由 dude (打扮入时的男子) + ette (表示「女性」的字尾) 所组成。

英文：dumbsize
中文：过份裁员：将员工的人数削减至公司无法获利或没有效率的评测。
其他：动词。由 dumb + (down)size 所组成。

英文：DWY (driving while yakking)
中文：一面讲大哥大一面开车。
例句：Officers have their hands full already, and unless the legislature makes the fine higher than the $ 25 proposed in these bills, cops might reasonably conclude that the lawmakers don't think DWY is that big a deal. Why go to a lot of trouble to nail somebody for something so minor? Yet it isn't minor. Though a lot of people have gotten in the habit of dialing and talking, and though most of them haven't had a wreck, that doesn't mean it's safe. (Morning Star ，英格兰「晨星报」)
其他：动名词。yakking 为「喋喋不休」的意思。从2001年9月起，国内的DWY族可要特e小心，以免受罚。

英文：earballs
中文：收听电台或音乐会，或造访线上音乐网站的人数。
其他：名词。

英文：earned media
中文：免费的媒体报导。
例句：In the world of campaigns, there is nothing better than earned media ― free television and radio exposure ― as opposed to paid media or costly advertisements." (The Los Angeles Times，洛杉矶时报)
其他：名词。竞选期间，候选人成为媒体新闻报导的对象，无非是一种免费的广告，让候选人大有「赚到的」(earned) 感觉。earned media 过去称为 free media, 相反词为 paid media。

英文：eater-tainment
中文：提供影片欣赏和现场转播音乐等娱乐的餐厅。
例句：Eater-tainment has become the industry buzzword for restaurants such as Hard Rock Cafe, Dave & Buster's and Jillian's, which bring together dining and play under the same roof. [The Columbus Dispatch，哥伦布快报 (俄亥俄州首府哥伦布市)]
其他：名词。

英文：Ebonics
中文：翰馑英语 (Black English)：非洲裔美共馑所讲的英语方言。
其他：名词。有时写成 ebonics。

英文：eco-porn
中文：公司企业用来赞扬各该公司环保记录或政策的广告。
例句：We're all used to eco-porn by now; those beautiful television ads featuring some natural jewel, during which an announcer with a four-balls voice tells us how much Exxon or some other gross polluter is doing to keep our precious earth green. (The Seattle Times，西雅图时报)
其他：名词。

英文：elder orphan
中文：老孤儿 (没有家人、孑然一身、孤苦伶仃的老年人或其家人不能、无法或不愿照顾他们的老年人)。
例句：The moment her husband died, Loretta McAdam stopped the cuckoo clock in the kitchen of their mobile home. It remains forever frozen at 4:45 a.m. ― the exact minute she became an elder orphan.
"I'm the only one left," said McAdam, 83. "I have no one."
Her husband has been gone for three years, but every day before she goes to sleep, she pats the bed beside her and wishes him good night. ... (Orlando Sentinel)
其他：名词。在这个新片语之前出现的 senior orphan (1983), older orphan (2003), orphaned elderly (1981) 以及 orphaned senior (1993) 都是在表达相同的意思。

英文：El Nonsense
中文：(俚语)不合逻辑或毫无根据地将某一事件 (如激烈的气候现象)或一系列事件的发生以因果的关系与圣婴现象 (El Nino) 产生关连的主张或论调。
其他：名词。

英文：end-time
中文：世界末日的，与世界末日 (doomsday；the end of the world) 有关的。
其他：形容词。亦写成 end time。end timer or end-timer or End Timer or End-Timer (名词) 世界末日论者，信仰世界末日教派的人。

英文：eternity leave
中文：公司或政府机构给予需要全日照顾垂死之配偶或家属的员工或公务员的有薪假 (留职留薪)。
例句: Palliative care doctors and care givers are calling for legal changes to provide job protection and paid leave for people caring for dying loved ones. They say just as the parent of a newborn child receives maternity leave, the care provider for a terminally ill person ― often a child taking care of a dying parent ― should get "eternity" leave. (The Medical Post，美国「医学邮报」)
其他：名词。获得 eternity leave 而对垂死之配偶或家属所提供的照顾叫做 eternity care。