2. feisty legal problems.
其他: 形容词。feistiness (名词)说谎istily (副词)。

英文：15 minutes of fame
中文：(因新闻媒体的报导)短暂出名、大出风头。
其他：名词。亦写成 fifteen minutes of fame，系由 fame is for fifteen minutes引申而来。

英文: financial pornography
中文: 对金融专家、基金经理人、理财专家以及他们所做的交易大肆歌功颂德、大加赞扬的书
例句: In The Four Pillars of Wisdom, [author William Berstein] devotes a well-deserved chapter to the financial press and its weakness for "financial pornography" ― lurid coverage of star money managers. (The Seattle Times，西雅图时报)
其他: 名词。

英文：find and bite
中文：(警方)利用警犬来追捕和攻击犯罪嫌犯的办案方式。
其他：动词。

英文：flash mob
中文：快闪光。
例句：The Internet has spawned a gaggle of new verbs ― Googling, surfing and flaming are words most of us are used to hearing in everyday conversation. Now you can add "flash mobbing" to that list.
In recent weeks, New Yorkers have been using forwarded e-mails to coordinate "flash mobs," or not-so-random crowds that appear and dissipate within a matter of minutes. Is it performance art? The cutting edge of a new social movement? Or just an easy way to flummox carpet salesmen?
To protect the planned serendipity of each event, participants aren't told exactly what the mob is supposed to do until just before the event happens. For the most recent New York happening on July 2, participants passed around an e-mail telling them to assemble at the food court in Grand Central Station, where organizers (identifiable by the copies of the New York Review of Books they were holding) then gave mobbers printed instructions regarding what to do next.
The result: Shortly after 7 p.m., about 200 people suddenly assembled on the mezzanine level of the Grand Hyatt Hotel next to Grand Central Station, applauded loudly for 15 seconds, then left. (Chicago Tribune，芝加哥论坛报)
其他：名词。乍看这个片语的中文翻译，你可能不知它的意义为何，但看了下面的说明你就会懂了。快闪光活动源于纽约市，发起人以e-mail联络志同道合者，在某个时间、某个地点集合，然后同时做个动作，在持续短暂的时间之后即迅速作鸟兽散。例句中提到的就是快闪光一次典型的「出击」：七月间，一群约 200人的快闪光在纽约一家饭店的大厅集合，于晚上七点过后他们突然出其不意地同时尖叫和鼓掌15秒，使得其他人一时愕然，然后他们立即撤退、「闪人」。目前，这种快闪光现象已快速地圆猥球蔓延开来，而且有越演越烈的趋势。flash mob 亦可当形容词和动词用；它有一非常贴切的同义词：inexplicable mob。诚然，他们是一群令人费解、莫名其妙，只为了做个无意义的动作而聚集在一起的乌合之众。与此相关的用字包括：flash mobber (名词 -- 快闪光成员)、flash mobbing (现在分词 -- 快闪光的行为、活动)。

英文：fleshmeet
中文：面对面的会晤；现实生活的会面 -- 尤指经常在或仅在网络上交谈的网友之间的会面。
例句：The Opera Forum is a closely knit group. With 40 or so active participants scattered across at least a dozen states and three continents, and many more lurkers, members have organized two official group "fleshmeets," and several members have attended the opera together in various cities. (The New York Times，纽约时报)
其他：名词。这个字是由 "a meeting in the flesh" 改写而成，其中 in the flesh 意为「现实生活的」、「活生生的」、「以肉体形式的」：She's even more beautiful in the flesh than in photos (or photographs) -- 她本人比照片还要漂亮。

英文：floridisation
中文：全球人口老化。
其他：名词。这是纽约联邦储备银行副主席 Peter Peterson 所创造的字；他认为全球老化比全球暖化所造成的威力赋道着。据称，当一个国家的老年人口达到占其总人口的19%时 oridisation 的问题就会出现。

英文：food desert
中文：食物沙漠。
其他：名词。大型百货公司、超市、购物中心和饭店都设在都市或大都会区的统区，已使一些内陆地区及偏远的农村地区不容易以合理的价格买到新鲜的食物，而成为道道地地的「食物沙漠」。

英文：food futurist
中文：食物和饮食趋势预言家。
例句：As our rapid-paced lifestyle continues to change eating patterns, Campbell's sees nourishing, ready-to-serve soups playing an even more important role in the future. Which is why this market leader put the challenge to Ann Coombs, food futurist and trend forecaster, to predict Canada's future "soupscape" and food trends for the year 2025. (Canada NewsWire，加拿大新闻连线报)
其他：名词。美国的 food futurists 甚至组成一个名为 International Food Futurists 的组织。

英文：free-ride
中文：不劳而获。
例句：The fact that you're the son of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff doesn't mean you'll free-ride in the army. 虽然你是参谋首长联席会议主席的儿子，但这并不表示你在军中可以不劳而获。
其他：不及物动词。由 free-rider 或 free-riding。

英文：frontfire (FRUNT.fyr)
中文：产生想要或预期的效果。
例句：I want to discuss that false psychic you paid to bring Heather messages from the dead. It was a thoughtful idea, but one that backfired and then, ultimately, in its own way, frontfired, giving Heather more hope than you'd imagine. (Random House Canada，加拿大蓝登书屋)
其他：动词。这个字是 backfire 的反义字，后者意为「产生反效果；事与愿违」。backfire自至少1886年以来就已存在，但最初的意思是指内燃机或枪炮武器的「逆火」；它是在大约1912年才开始有「产生进得其反的统果」这个意思。  