一词

英文：dashboard dining
中文：一面开车一面用餐。
例句:  Dashboard dining seems to be a phenomenon of our times. More and more busy people find their car takes the place of the breakfast table. (the Toronto Sun，多伦多太阳报)
其他：名词。参见 one-handed food。

英文：deprivation cuisine
中文：健康但淡而无味的食物。
例句:  Today's buzz words for menu writers are roasted, grilled and braised. No steaming on that list. It has fallen victim to its own virtuous image: these days, steaming sounds like deprivation cuisine; too healthy, too boring. (The New York Times，纽约时报)
其他：名词。

英文：deskfast
中文：在办公桌上吃的早餐。
例句:  While most Americans still eat breakfast at home, increasing numbers are leaving home in the morning and waiting until they reach their destination before eating ― a trend that has been dubbed "deskfast."
其他：名词。

英文: digerati
中文: 电脑专家，电脑通。
其他: 名词。
英文：dilbert
中文：通常做 be dilberted 动词片语使用，意为在工作上被主管过份要求、被主管亏待或利用。
例句：I have been dilberted again. The old man revised the specs for the fourth time this week.
其他：动词。源自美国 Scott Adams 的卡通人物 Dilbert (呆伯特)。dilberted 为分词形容词 (participial adjective)。

英文：dinkum
中文：真正的，真实的 (genuine)。
其他：形容词。

英文：dinosaurology
中文：恐龙学。
其他：名词。dinosaurologist (n.) 恐龙学家；dinosaurological (adj.) 恐龙学的，恐龙学家的。

英文：documentary-style
中文：(婚礼) 记实摄影的，写实摄影的 (亦即被拍照者没有摆 pose)。
例句：The Cheneys and the Mihaloviches hired Black Dog Imageworks of Kansas City to photograph their weddings. Black Dog shoots black and white overwhelmingly, and plenty of people call the company for just that reason. The move to black and white hasn't occurred in isolation. It generally goes along with a grainy texture, wide-angle lenses and a spontaneous, documentary-style approach.  (Kansas City Star，堪萨斯城星报)
其他：形容词。纽约时报不久前报导，这种摄影 (他们称之为 documentary wedding photography) 日益受欢迎，因为越来越多的现代新娘和新郎不喜欢被拍照者排成一排、摆好姿势，然后拍照的传统摄影方式 -- 此种传统式照片在英文中被称为「行杏谟式照片」(firing squad photo，亦称为「卡斯楚式照片」"Castro photo")。documentary-style 这种自然主义的记实摄影方式也叫做「新闻摄影方式」 journalistic-style。documentary style：(名词) 婚礼记实摄影方式。

英文：donorcycle (DOHN.ur.sye.kul)
中文：马力超强、速度飞快的机车。
例句：Organ donors are not just people who die. They are young, healthy people who die unexpectedly ― usually from a violent accident, suicide or crime, such as a motorcycle crash or a gunshot wound to the head. Transplant surgeons sometimes refer to motorcycles as "donorcycles." (The Washington Post，华盛顿邮报)
其他：俚语。这个字是由 donor 和 motorcycle 拼缀而成，亦写成 donor cycle 或 donor-cycle。由于这种所谓「跑车型的机车」 (sport bikes) 发生死亡车祸的机率非常高，它们又被称为「死亡机车」(suicycles)。donorcycles 的骑士 (donorcyclists) 大多是年富力强的健康年轻人，一旦丧命，他们便成为器官捐赠的理想人选 -- 此一事实再加上这个新字的组合构成了一幅颇具讽刺、亦令人吹u的画面。
