1、celebrate(v)庆祝 n.celebration
例：We celebrated Christmas with trees and presents.我们以圣诞树和礼物来庆祝圣诞节。
2、foresee(v)预知 adj.foreseeable
例：It is impossible to foresee whether she'll be well enough to come home from hospital next month.想预知她下个月是否能康复出院是不可能的。
3、induce(v)说服 n.inducement
例：We couldn't induce the old lady to travel by air.我们没办法说服这老妇人乘飞机旅行。
4、incorrect(adj)不正确的
反义词：accurate
例：The newspaper gave an incorrect account of the traffic accident.这报纸提出的关于交通事故的报告是不正确的。
5、mobilize(v)动员 n.mobilization
例：Our country is in great danger;we must mobilize the army.我们国家的处境非常危险，我们必须动员军队。
6、precede(v)在前 n.precedent
例：Mr.Eisenhower preceded Mr.Kennedy as president of the United States.艾森豪威尔任美国总统在肯尼迪之前。
7、predetermine(v)预先决定 adj.predeterminate
例：Some people believe that man's destiny is predetermined.有些人相信命运是被注定的。
8、prevail(v)流行 adj.prevalent
例：Making resolutions on New Year's Day is a custom that still prevails.在新年这一天下决心是一个依然流行的习俗。
9、subtle(adj)精致的；淡的 n.subtlety
例：Her subtle smile made him curious.她淡淡的一笑使得他好奇。
10、transact(v)办理 n.transaction
例：The man transacts many affairs connected with the purchase of a home.这人办理许多跟买房屋有关的事情。
11、treason(n)叛国 adj.treasonous
例：Helping the enemies of one's country is an apparent treason. 帮助自己国家的敌人是一种明显的叛国行为。
12、utilize(v)利用 n.utility
例：How can we utilize his knowledge and skill to our advantage?我们如何来利用他的知识和技术才对我们有利？
13、bosom(n)胸
例：She wore a flower on the bosom of her dress.在衣服的胸襟上，她戴了一朵花。
14、diploma(n)文凭
例：When a person has successfully completed a certain course of study,he is given a diploma by the school.当一个人成功地完成了某一门课程的研读，学校将授予他一张文凭。
15、dramatic(adj)戏剧的
例：The meeting between the mother and her blind son was dramatic.母亲与其失明的儿子相会的情景是戏剧化的。
16、hurrah(n)欢呼声
例："Hurrah!"they shouted as the team scored again.当球队再度得分时他们欢呼着：“好啊！”
17、miniature(n)缩小物
例：In the museum there is a miniature of the ship "Mayflower."在博物馆里有一个‘五月花号’船的缩小模型。
18、parcel(n)包裹
例：On her birthday her arms were filled with gift parcels.生日那天，她的手里拿满了礼物包裹。
19、racket(n)喧哗
例：The students made a big racket as they left the school.这些学生离开学校时，发出了很大的喧哗声。
20、rhyme(n)音
例：The poet used the word"flight"as a rhyme for the word "night."这诗人使用“flight”这个词来与“night”这个词谐音。
21、sculpture(n)雕刻
例：There are many famous sculptures in the museum.这个博物馆内有很多著名的雕刻品。
22、apparatus(n)仪器 同义词：equipment
例：The town has recently purchased some new fire-fighting apparatus.这城镇最近购买了一些新的灭火仪器。
23、assert(v)断言 同义词：insist
例：The witness asserted that the salesman was dishonest.目击者断言那售货员是不诚实的。
24、assign(v)分派 同义词：allot
例：He was pleased that he was assigned such an easy task in the company.他非常高兴在一群人中，他被分派到如此简单的任务。
25、inviolable(adj)不可侵犯的 同义词：sacred
例；Freedom of action is one of the inviolable rules of human behavior.行动的自由是人类行为中不可侵犯的原则之一。
26、specimen(n)标本同义词：sample
例：He collects specimens of all kinds of rocks and minerals.他收集各种岩石和矿物的标本。
27、stimulate(v)刺激；鼓舞 同义词：excite
例：The beating of a drum on the battlefield stimulated the soldiers to fight more bravely.战场上的鼓声鼓舞了战士们，使他们更加英勇地作战。
28、tendency(n)趋势 同义词： inclination
例：Boys have a stronger tendency to fight than girls.男孩子比女孩子好打架。
29、blunt(adj)钝的 反义词：sharp
例：Too much alcohol makes all your sense blunt.太多的酒精使你的感觉迟钝。
30、testify(v）证明 同义词：prove
例：He testified that the car was being driven slowly at the time of the accident.他作证肇事时这辆汽车开得很慢。
31、elastic(adj)有弹性的 反义词： inflexible
例：Toy baloons,sponges and steel springs are elastic.玩具气球、海绵及弹簧是有弹性的。