1995年全国普通高等学校统一招生考试
National Matriculation English Test(NMET 95)

第一卷（三大题，共110分）
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑。如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案。不能答在试题卷上。
3.考试结束，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。

Ⅰ.单项填空（共40小题，计分40分）

A)从A、B、C、D中找出其划线部分与所给单词的划线部分读音相同的选项。
例：have
A.gave    B.save    C.hat     D.made 答案是C。
1.library
A.languageB.materialC.operateD.labour
2.courage
A.cousinB.count C.youthD.cough
3.refer
A.researchB.fisherman C.disappearD.recordder
4.pleasure
A.expressionB.musicianC.oceanD.conclusion
5.snatch
A.stomach B.technical C.charge D.character
B)从A、B、C、D中找出适当的字母或字母组合使以下所给单词完整与正确。
例：alrdyA.eaB.eeC.ieD.eu 答案是A。
6.pticul A.ar;er B.er;ar C.er;er D.ar;ar
7.prnnce A.o;ouB.o;u C.e;ouD.e;u
8.cntnentA.o;a B.u;I C.o;I D.u;a
9.nmlA.ur;aB.or;eC.or;aD.ur;e
10.thrgh A.o;ouB.o;euC.ou;ou D.ou;eu
C)从A、B、C、D四个选项中,选出可以填入空白处的正确答案.
例：He comes late sometimes,?
 A.is he B.isn't he C.comes he D.doesn't he
答案是D.
11.Paul doesn't have to be made.He always works hard.
 A.learnB.to learnC.learnedD.learning
12.─Your phone number again?Iquite catch it.
 ─It's 9568442.
 A.didn't B.couldn'tC.don'tD.can't
13.She thought I was talking about her daughter,,in fact,I was talking about
 my daughter.
 A.whom B.where C.whichD.while
14.When a pencil is partly in a glass of water, it looks as if it.
 A.breaks B.has broken
 C.were brokenD.had been broken
15.─There were already five people in the car but they managed to take me as well.
 ─Ita comfortable journey.
 A.can't be B.shouldn't be
 C.mustn't have beenD.couldn't have been
16.─the sports meet might be put off.
 ─Yes,it all depends on the weather.
 A.I've been told B.I've told
 C.I'm told D.I told
17.They were all very tired,butof them would stop to take a rest.
 A.anyB.someC.none D.neither
18.Can you believe that ina rich country there should be many poor people?
 A.such; such B.such; so
 C.so; so D.so; such
19.We agreedhere but so far she hasn't turned up yet.
 A.having met B.meeting
 C.to meetD.to have met
20.As shethe newspaper,Grannyasleep.
 A.read; was falling
 B.was reading; fell
 C.was reading; was falling
 D.read; fell
21.All the leading newspapersthe trade talks between China and the United States.
 A.reported B.printed
 C.announcedD.published
22.I hope there are enough glasses for each guest to have.
 A.it B.those C.them D.one
23.If we work with a strong will,we can overcome any difficulty, greatit is.
 A.what B.how C.howeverD.whatever
24.You don't need to describe her.Iher several times.
 A.had metB.have metC.metD.meet
25.I can hardly hear the radio. Would you please?
 A.turn it on B.turn it down
 C.turn it up D.turn it off
26.-You were brave enough to raise objections at the meeting.
 -Well, now I regretthat.
 A.to doB.to be doing
 C.to have done D.having done
27.-Have you finished your report yet?
 -No, I'll finish inten minutes.
 A.anotherB.other C.moreD.less
28.You'reyour time trying to persuade him; he'll never join us.
 A.spending B.wasting C.losingD.missing
29.-How was your recent visit to Qingdao?
 -It was great. We visited some friends, and spent the days at theseaside.
 A.few last sunnyB.last few sunny
 C.last sunny fewD.few sunny last
30.-I'll be away on a business trip.Would you mind looking after my cat?
 -Not at all..
 A.I've no timeB.I'd rather not
 C.I'd like it D.I'd be happy to
31.It's nearly seven o'clock. Jackbe here at any moment.
 A.must B.need C.shouldD.can
32.-I'd likeinformation about the mangagement of your hotel, please.
 -Well, you could have word with the manager.He might be helpful.
 A.some; aB.an; some C.some; someD.an; a
33.It was not until 1920regular radio broadcasts began.
 A.whileB.whichC.thatD.since
34.-What did you think of her speech?
 -Shefor one hour but didn'tmuch.
 A.spoke; speakB.spoke; say
 C.said; speak D.said; say
35.The boy wanted to ride his bicycle in the street, but his mother told him.
 A.not toB.not to do C.not do itD.do not to
36.Would you like a cup of coffeeshall we get down to business right away?
 A.and B.thenC.or D.otherwise
37.is a fact that English is being accepted as an international language.
 A.There B.ThisC.That D.It
38.Not until all the fish died in the riverhow serious the pollution was .
 A.did the villagers realize
 B.the villagers realized
 C.the villagers did realize
 D.didn't the villagers realize
39.I don't think Jim saw me;heinto space.
 A.just staredB.was just staring
 C.has just staredD.had just stared
40.He gained his byprintingof famous writers.
 A.wealth;workB.wealths works
 C.wealths;work D.wealth;works


Ⅱ.完形填空（共20小题，计分30）

阅读下面短文，掌握其大意。然后从41─60各题所给的四个选项中，选出一个最佳答案。
Washoe is a young chimpanzee(黑猩猩). She is no 41 chimpanzee, though. Scientists are doing a research 42 her. They want to see how civilized(驯化)she can 43. Already she does many things a human being can do.
For example, she has been learning how to exchange 44 with people. The scientists are teaching her 45 language. When she wants to be picked 46, Washoe points up with one finger. She rubs her teeth with her finger 47 she wants to brush her teeth. This is done after every meal.
Washoe has also been 48 to think out and find answers to problems. Once she was put in a 49 with food hanging from the ceiling. It was too high to 50 . After she considered the 51, she got a tall box to stand 52. The food was still too high to be reached.Washoe found a 53 pole. Then she climbed onto the 54, grasped the pole, and 55 down the food with the pole.
Washoe 56 like a human, too. The scientists keep her in a fully furnished(家具齐全的)house. After a hard 57 in the laboratory, she goes home, 58 she plays with her toys. She 59 enjoys watching television before going to bed.
Scientists hope to 60 more about people by studying our closest,relative(亲属)-chimpanzee.
41.A.foolishB.ordinaryC.specialD.simple
42.A.forB.byC.to D.on
43.A.experience B.changeC.developD.become
44.A.actionsB.views C.messages D.feelings
45.A.sign B.human C.spoken D.foreign
46.A.outB.atC.on D.up
47.A.when B.until C.sinceD.while
48.A.raised B.trained C.orderedD.led
49.A.cave B.zoo C.room D.museum
50.A.pull B.see C.eatD.reach
51.A.problemB.positionC.food D.ceiling
52.A.by B.onC.up D.with
53.A.straight B.strongC.long D.big
54.A.wall B.box C.ceilingD.pole
55.A.knockedB.pickedC.took D.shook
56.A.livesB.actsC.thinks D.plays
57.A.task B.lessonC.dayD.time
58.A.Here B.There C.So D.Then
59.A.quiteB.already C.even D.still
60.A.observeB.discoverC.gain D.learn


Ⅲ.阅读理解（共20小题，计分40）

阅读下短文，并做每篇后面的题目。从四个选项中，选出能回答所提问题或完成所给句子的最佳答案。
A
Fat on human beings is distributed(分布)in different ways. Some fat people have a large stomach and no waistline-which makes them look round, rather like apples. Others are fatter below the waist, which makes them appear pear-shaped(梨形的).
There are two types of fat: external fat (fat under the skin)and internal fat (fat inside the boby wall). Doctors,who have been examining the relationship between health and fatness,have found that the `pears'have less internal fat, but the `apples'have more internal fat than external fat. This seems to be what causes the health problems.
The best treatment for fatness is to reduce the internal fat. But unfortunately it seems that dieting(节食)simply makes an apple-shaped person into a smaller apple and a pear-shaped person into a smaller pear. At the moment there is no known way of reducing the internal rather than external fat.
61.The text is mainly about.
 A.fatness and health    B.ways to lose weigh
 C.people's figures    D.distribution of fat
62.Which of the following people is most likely to have health problems?

63.When a pear-shaped person becomes thinner, he/she loses more .
 A.internal fat than external fat
 B.external fat than internal fat
 C.fat above the waist
 D.fat below the waist

B
Frank Smithson woke up and leaned over to turn off the alarm clock. "Oh no!" he thought to himself. "Another day at that office;a boss who shouts at me all the time."
As Frank went downstairs his eyes fell on a large brown envelope by the door. He was overjoyed when he opened it and read the letter inside. "Bigwoods Football Pools(足球赌博公司)would like to congratulate you. You have won half a million pounds."
Frank suddenly came to life. The cigarette(香烟)fell from his lips as he let out a shout that could be heard halfway down the street.
At 11:30 Frank arrived at work. "Please explain why you're so late," his boss said. "Go and jump in the lake," replied Frank. "I've just come into a little money so this is good-bye.Find yourself someone else to shout at."
That evening Frank was smoking a very expensive Havana cigar(雪茄) when a knock was heard on the door. He rushed to the door. Outside were two men,neatly dressed in grey suits. "Mr Smithson," one of them said, "we're from Bigwoods Pools. I'm afraid there's been a terrible mistake…"
64.What do we know about Frank?
 A.He was a lazy man.
 B.He was a lucky person.
 C.He didn't make a lot of money.
 D.He didn't get on well with his boss.
65.When he heard the knock at the door, Frank probably thought.
 A.someone had come to make an aplogy
 B.someone had come to give him the money
 C.his friends had come to ask about the football pools
 D.his friends had come to congratulate him on his luck
66.On hearing "…there's been a terrible mistake…" Frank was most likely to be.
 A.disappointed B.worried
 C.nervousD.curious

C
The idea of fighting a noise by making more noise sounds strange , but that's exactly what motor engineers are doing in Germany and some other countries.
Carmakers'research and development laboratories have already proved that mixing in more noise with the help of loudspeakers can reduce the unwanted noise.
Physicists have known about the technique for a long time. Sound is made up of pressure waves in the air. If two sound waves of the same frequency(频率)mix so that the highest point of one wave happens at the same time with the lowest point of the other wave, the result is no sound. Therefore, by producing a perfect copy of the noise and delaying it by half a wave cycle(周期), we can kill the unwanted noise. Using this technique many carmakers are racing to develop noise-killing systems both inside and outside the cars.
Another good thing about the use of noise-killing systems is that it saves the need for a silencer, which not only reduces the weight of a car, but also makes the motor burn less oil and work better.
Some engineers believe that the noise-killing system will be used in most cars in 1996. But the carmakers haven't decided if they will put it into production because it would add several hundred dollars to the cost of their cars.
67.Which of the following gives a general idea of how the noise-killing system works?
 A.By producing pressure waves going in the opposite direction.
 B.By mixing high frequency sound waves with low frequency sound waves.
 C.By making copies of the unwanted sound waves and letting them out a little later.
 D.By mixing new sound waves with the noise and sending them out together.
68.Besides its main function(功能)the noise-killing system can.
 A.make a car lighter
 B.make a car quieter
 C.reduce the cost of a silencer
 D.improve the performance of a silencer
69.The noise-killing system is not yet popular mainly because.
 A.it increases the cost of car production
 B.carmakers are not sure if it is necessary
 C.it is still being tried out
 D.people still have their doubts

D
The Great Fire of London started in the very early hours of 2 September 1666. In four days it destroyed more than three-quarters of the old city, where most of the houses were wooden and close together. One hundred thousand people became homeless,but only a few lost their lives.
The fire started on Sunday morning in the house of the King's baker(面包师)in Pudding Lane. The baker, with his wife and family,was able to get out through a window in the roof. A strong wind blew the fire from the bakery(面包房)into a small hotel next door. Then it spread quickly into Thames Street. That was the beginning.
By eight o'clock three hundred houses were on fire. On Monday nearly a kilometer of the city was burning along the River Thames. Tuesday was the worst day. The fire destroyed many wellk-nown buildings, old St Paul's and the Guildhall among them.
Samuel Pepys, the famous writer, wrote about the fire. People threw their things into the river. Many poor people stayed in thier houses until the last moment. Birds fell out of the air because of the heat.
The fire stopped only when the King finally ordered people to destroy hundreds of buildings in the path of the fire. With nothing left to burn, the fire became weak and finally died out.
After the fire,Christopher Wren,the architect(建筑师), wanted a city with wider streets and fine new houses of stone. In fact, the streets are still narrow; but he did build more than fifty churches, among them new St Paul's.
The fire caused great pain and loss, but after it London was a better place: a city for the future and not just of the past.
70.The fire began in.
 A.a hotel B.the palace
 C.Pudding LaneD.Thames Street
71.The underlined word "family" in the second paragraph means.
 A.homeB.children
 C.wife and husbandD.wife and children
72.It seems that the writer of the text was most sorry for the fact that.
 A.some people lost their lives
 B.the birds in the sky were killed by the fire
 C.many famous buildings were destroyed
 D.the King's bakery was burned down
73.Why did the writer cite(引用) Samuel Pepys?
 A.Because Pepys was among those putting out the fire.
 B.Because Pepys also wrote about the fire.
 C.To show that poor people suffered most.
 D.To give the reader a clearer picture of the fire.
74.How was the fire put out according to the text?
 A.The king and his soldiers came to help.
 B.All the wooden houses in the city were destroyed.
 C.People managed to get enough water from the river.
 D.Houses standing in the direction of the fire were pulled down.
75.Which of the following were reasons for the rapid spread of the big fire?
 (a)There was a strong wind.
 (b)The streets were very narrow.
 (c)Many houses were made of wood.
 (d)There was not enough water in the city.
 (e)People did not discover the fire earlier.
 A.(a)and(b)    B.(a),(b)and(c)
 C.(a),(b),(c)and(d)    D.(a),(b),(c)(d)and(e)

E
During the summer holidays there will be a revised(修改过的)schedule(时刻表) of services for the students.Changes for dining-room and library service hours and for bus schedules will be posted on the wall outside of the dining-hall. Weekly film and concert schedules, which are being arranged(安排), will be posted each Wednesday outside of the student club.
In the summer holidays, buses going to the town center will leave the main hall every hour on the half hour during the day. The dining-room will serve three meals a day from 7:00 am to 7:00 pm during the week and two meals from noon to 7:00 pm on weekends.The library will continue its usual hours during the week, but have shorter hours on Saturdays and Sundays. The weekend hours are from noon to 5:00 pm.
All students who want to use the library borrowing services must have a new summer card. This announcement will also appear in the next week's student newspaper.
76.The main purpose of this announcement is to.
 A.tell students of important schedule changes
 B.tell students of new bus and library services
 C.show the excellent services for students
 D.ask students to renew their library cards
77.At which of the following times will the bus leave the main hall?
 A.8:00, 9:00, 10:00, 11:00
 B.8:00, 9:30, 10:30, 11:30
 C.8:30, 9:00, 9:30, 10:00
 D.8:00, 9:30, 11:00, 12:30
78.Times for films and concerts are not listed in this announcement because.
 A.they are not to be announced
 B.they are hard to arrange
 C.the full list is not ready
 D.the full list is too long
79.In the summer holidays, the library will have.
 A.no special hours
 B.special hours on weekdays
 C.special hours on weekends
 D.special hours both on weekdays and weekends.
80.We may infer that during the summer holidays.
 A.the student newspaper will sell more copies
 B.there will be a concert or a film once a week
 C.many students will stay in the university
 D.no breakfast will be served on weekends


Ⅳ.短文改错（共15小题，计分15）

此题要求你对一段文章改错。先对每一行作出判断是对还是错。如果是对的，在该行右边横线上画一个勾（√）；如果有错误（每行不会多于一个错误），则按情况改错如下：
此行多一个词，把多余的词用斜线（＼）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
此行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
此行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
When I have free time I go ∧ a long walk. Some (a)for
people read the books or watch television while (b)the
others have sports. Charles and Linda Mason do all(c) √
of these things as well as climbed buildings. (d)climbing; climb
Dear Mr and Mrs Smith,
I want to thank you again for have me in your(81)
home for the summer holidays. I had always (82)
wanted return to the village after moving away (83)
and it is really great to see most of my old friends again.(84)
I told Mother, Father, Sister, all my friends(85)
here that a great time I had. I'll never forget(86)
the steamboat ride. I never knew about a ride down (87)
a river could be so much exciting. I also enjoyed the(88)
evenings when we spent together. And I can't forget(89)
the good food you cooked for I. It was wonderful.(90)
I hope that both you two could come and visit us (91)
some times soon. Father and Mother would love to (92)
see you. Maybe you could come during a winter(93)
holidays. Uncle Ben will also go back for Christmas(94)
I'm sure we'll have a wonderfully time together. (95)


With best wishes.
Yours truly
Tom


Ⅴ.书面表达（计分25）

假定你是李华。你和几个朋友约定星期天在人民公园野餐(to have a picnic)。你们的英国朋友Peter也应邀参加。请你根据下面的示意图，给他写封短信，告诉他进公园后如何找到你们。
注意：1.词数80─100。2.开头语已为你写好。


June lst,1995
Dear Peter,
We're so glad you're coming to join us on Sunday. Here is how you can find us.


高考全真试卷
1995年普通高等学校招生全国统一考试卷答案
Ⅰ─Ⅲ
1.B2.A3.A4.D5.C6.D7.A8.C9.C
10.A 11.B 12.A 13.D 14.C 15.D 16.A 17.C 18.B
19.C 20.B 21.A 22.D 23.C 24.B 25.C 26.D 27.A
28.B 29.B 30.D 31.C 32.A 33.C 34.B 35.A 36.C
27.D 38.A 39.B 40.D 41.B 42.D 43.D 44.C 45.A
46.D 47.A 48.B 49.C 50.D 51.A 52.B 53.C 54.B
55.A 56.A 57.C 58.B 59.C 60.D 61.A 62.C 63.B
64.D 65.B 66.A 67.C 68.A 69.A 70.C 71.B 72.C
73.D 74.D 75.B 76.A 77.B 78.C 79.C 80.D
Ⅳ.Dera Mr and Mrs Smith
I want to thank you again for have me in your(81)having
home for the summer holidays. I had always (82)√
wanted ∧ return to the village after moving away(83)to
and it is really great to see most of my old friends again.(84)was
I told Mother, Father, Sister, ∧ all my friends (85)and
here that a great time I had. I'll never forget(86)what
the steamboat ride. I never knew about a ride down (87)about或改为that
a river could be so much exciting. I also enjoyed the(88)much
evenings when we spent together. And I can't forget(89)when或改为that
the good food you cooked for I. It was wonderful.(90)me
I hope that both you two could come and visit us (91)both
some times soon. Father and Mother would love to (92)time
see you. Maybe you could come during a winter(93)the
holidays. Uncle Ben will also go back for Christmas. (94)come
I'm sure we'll have a wonderfully time together. (95)wonderful
With best wishes.
Yours truly, Tom
Ⅴ.One possible version:
June lst,1995
Dear Peter,
We're so gald you're coming to join us on Sunday. Here is how you can find us. We'll have our picnic in the People's Park. You know where that is, don't you? After you enter the park by the main gate, walk straight on till you come to a stream. Cross the stream and turn right. After walking for a while you'll come to a hill. Walk around to the other side of the hill. There you'll see a lake. We'll have our picnic there in the small woods by the lake. I'm sure you'll have no trouble finding us. Do come!
Li Hua
(85 words)