1999年普通高等学校招生全国统一英语考试
本试卷分第I卷（选择题）和第II卷（非选择题）两部分第I卷1至5页，第II卷6至11页。满分50分。考试时间120分钟
第I卷（三大题，共95分〕
I.单项填空（共25小题，每小题1分：满分25分）
A)从A、B、C、D中找出其划线部分与所给单词划线部分读音相同的选项。
　例：haveA.gaveB.saveC.hatD.made
答案是C.
1．spareA.fearB.earnC.pearD.beard
2．navy　A.neighhor　B.nationality C.relative   D.valley
3．unit A.fierceB.nephew C.juiceD.sure
4．gentle A.organise　B.bargainC.regular 　D.charge
5．journeyA.merchant　B.courtyard 　C.energyD.serious
B) 从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳答案。
　例： We ＿＿＿＿＿last night. but we went to the concert instead
A.must have studiedB.might study
B.should have studiedD.would study答案是C。
6. －－l had a really good weekend at my uncle's.
　 －－＿＿＿＿＿．
A. Oh. that's very nice of youB. Congratulations
C. It's a pleasure D. Oh. I'm glad to hear that
7. －－I,m going to the post office.
　 －－＿＿＿＿＿you're there. can you get me some stamps?
A. AsB. While　C. Because D. If
8. Paper money was in ＿＿＿＿＿use in China when Marco Polo visited tbe country in＿＿＿＿＿thirteenth century.
A.the；不填 B.the；the
C.不填；the D.不填；不填
9. －－Are the new rules working？
　 －－Yes，＿＿＿＿＿books are stolen.
A.FewB. More　C.SomeD.None
10. －－Alice. you feed ihe bird today,＿＿＿＿＿ ?
－－But I fed it yesterday.
A. do you B. will youC. didn't youD. don't you
11. ＿＿＿＿＿you've got a chance. you might as well make full use of it.
A. Now that B. After C. AlthoughD. AS soon as
12. ＿＿＿＿＿him and then try to copy whay he does．
A. Mind　 B. Glance atC. Stare atD.Watch
13．－－Idrove to Zhuhai for the air show last week.
－－Is that ＿＿＿＿＿ you had a few days off?
A. why B. when  C. whatD. where
14．Robert is said abrcad. but I don't know what country he studied in.
A. to have studied B. to study
C．to be studying  D．to have been studying
15．－－Will you stay for lunch?
－－Sorry,＿＿＿＿＿ ,My brother is coming to see me.
A. I mustn'tB.I can'tC. I needn'tD.I won't
16．The price＿＿＿＿＿,but I doubt whether it will remain so.
A. went downB.will go down　 C. has gone down 　D.was going down
17. Few pleasures can equal＿＿＿＿＿of a cool drink on ahot day.
A. some　 B.any　  C. that 　 D.those
18. You should make it a rule to leave things＿＿＿＿＿you can find them again
A. when 　B.where  C.thenD.there
19．Carol said the work would be done by October.＿＿＿＿＿personally I doubt very much.
A. itB.that 　C.whenD.which
20．－－Do you think the Stars will beat the Bulls?
－－Yes. They have better players,so I＿＿＿＿＿them to win.
A. hope 　B.prefer C.expect 　D.want
21. The purposｅ of new tchnologies is to make life easier,＿＿＿＿＿it more difficult.
A. not make B.not to make 　 C.not makingD.do not make
22. We'll have tofinish the job.＿＿＿＿＿.
A. long it takes howewer 　B. it takes howewer long
C. long however it takes 　D. however long it takes
23.Your performance in the driving test didn't reach required standard ＿＿＿＿＿. you failed.
A.in the endB.after allC.in other wordsD.at the same time
24．－－Hey,look where you are going?
－－Oh,I'm terribly sorry.＿＿＿＿＿．
A. I'm not noticingB.I wasn't noticing
C. I haven't noticingD.I don't noticing
25. When I got back home I saw a message pinned to the door＿＿＿＿＿ "Sorry to miss you；will call later."
A.read 　B.reads　 C. to read D. reading
Ⅱ.完形填空（共25小题，每小题1分：满分25分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从26-50各题所给的四个选项中，选出一个最佳答案。
People of Burhngton are being disturbed by the sound of bells. Four students from Burlington College of Higher Education are in the bell tower of the   26  have made up their minds to   27  the bells nonstop for two weeks as a protest (抗议） against heavy trucks which run 28  through the narrow High Street.
"They not only make it 29 to sleep at night. but they are 30 damage to our houses and shops of historical   31  said John Norris.one of the protesters.
"  32  we must have these noisy trucks on the roads," said Jean Lacey. a biology student. "why don't they build a new road that goes   33  the town, Burlington isn't much more than a   34  village. Its streets were never   35  for heavy traffic."
Harry Fields also studying   36  said they wanted to make as much   37  as possible to force the   38  to realise what every body was having to   39   "Most of them don't   40  here anyway."he said."they come in for meetings and that.and the Town Hall is soundproof(隔音）.  41  they probably don't   42  tbe noise all that much, It's high time they realised   43   .
The fourth student.Liza Vernum.said she thought the public were   44  on their side. and even if they weren't they soon would be.
 45  asked if they were   46  that the police might come to   47  them.
"Not really."she said."actually we are   48  bell-ringers.I mean we are assistant bell-ringers for the church.There is no   49  against practising."
I 　50　 the church with the sound of the bells ringing in my ears.
26. A.collegeB.village C.town 　D.church
27. A.changeB.repair　C.ring 　D.shake
28. A.now and thenB. day and night
C. up and downD. over and over
29. A.terribleB. diffcultC uncomfortable　D.unokeasabt
30. A.doing B. raisingC. PuttingD. producing
32. A.IfB. AlthoughC.wben 　D. Unless
33. A.toB. throughC.over 　D. round
34. A.prettyB.quiet 　C. Iarge D. modern
36. A.well　B.hardC. biologyD.education
37．A.effortB.timeC.troubleD.noise
38．A.townspeople　 　B.other students
C. government officials 　D. truck drivers
39．A.standB.accept　 C.know　 D.share
40. A.shop B.liveC.come 　D.study
43. A.eventB.lossC.action D.problem
44. At hardlyB.unwillinglyC.mostly D. usually
45. A.IB.weC.SheD.They
47. A.seizeB.fightC.search D.stop
48. A.properB.experiencedC.hopefulD.serious
49. A.pointB.causeC.need　 D.law
50．A.left B.foundC.reachedD.passed
Ⅲ.阅读理解(共25小题.A节每小题2分,B节每小题1分,满分45分)
A).阅读下列短文,从每小题所给的四个选项中选出一个最佳答案.
A
Tom Brennan was working in a Philadelphia office building when he noticed a black bag. The bag contained a book.
This chance discovery ended a 12-day search by the Library Company of Philadelphia for a historical treasure-a 120-page diary kept 190 years age by Deborah Logan,"a woman who knew everybody in her day,"James Green ,the librarian told the magazine American Libraries.
Most of the diary is a record of big events in Philadelphia ,It also includes a description of British soldiers burning Washington .D. C in the war of 1812.She describes President James Madison on horseback as "perfectly shaking with fear"during the troubled days.George Wash- ington,she writes,mistook her for the wife of a French man.and praised her excellent English ．
The adventure of the lost book began September 4 when Cory Luxmoore arrived from Eng- land to deliver the diary of his ancestor(祖先）to the Library Company,which he and his wife considered to be the best home for the diary.
Green told American Libraries he had the diary in his possession"a bout five minutes"when Luxmoore took it back because he had promised to show it to one other person.On returning to his hotel after showing the percious book to Green,Luxmoore waas shocked to realise that he had left it in the taxi.
Without any delay,Green began calling every taxi company in the city,with no luck,"I've felt sick since then,"Luxmoore told reporters.
According to Green.no one has yet learned how the diary came to the office building .
Tom Brennan received a reward(奖励)of 1,000,Philadelphia gained another treasure for its histo- ry,and Luxmoore told reporters,"It's wonderful news.I'm on high".
51.This article mainly tells about the story of ＿＿＿＿＿
A.a lost diary 　B.Deborah Logan 　C.Cory Luxmoore 　D.the Library Company
52.From the text,we learn that the diary is now owned by＿＿＿＿＿
A.Tom BrennanB.an unknown person
C.a Philadelphia magazine　D.the Library Company of Philadelphia
53.Philadelphia is thought to be the best home for the diary because＿＿＿＿＿.
A.it was written in Philadelphia
B.it tells stories about Philadelphia
C.people in the city are interested in old things
D.the British and the Americans once fought in Philadelphia
54.Which of the following shows the right order of what happened to the diary?
a-Tom Brennan found the book in an office building.
b-The book was shown to James Green.
c-Cory Luxmoore arrived from England.
d-The book was left behind in a taxi.
A.a.b.c.d B.c.b.d.a C.a.c.d.b D.c.a.b.d
55.What did Cory Luxmoore mean when he said "I'm on high"?
A.I'm richB.I'm famousC.I'm excitedD.I'm lucky.
B

Computer people talk a lot about the need for other people to become　"computer-literate."　But not all experts (专家) agree that this is a good idea.
One ploneer,in particular,who disagrees is David Tebbutt,the founder of Computertown UK. Although many people see this as a successful attempt to bring people closer to the computer.David does not see it that way.He says that Computertown UK was formed for just the opposite reason,to bring computers to people and make them"people-literate."
David Tebbutt thinks Computertowns are most successful when tied to a computer club but he insists there is an important difference between the two,The clubs are for people who have some computer knowledge already.This frightens away non-experts,who are happier going to Computertowns where there are computers for them to experiment on.with experts to encourage them and answer any questions they have,They are not told what to do.they find out.The computer experts have to learn not to tell people about computers.but have to be able to answer all questions people ask.People don't have to learn computer terms(术语), but the experts have to expla in plain language. The computers are becoming "peoPle-literate."
56. Which of the following is David Tebbutt's ides on the relationship between people and computers?
A.Computer learning should be made easier.
B.There should be more computer clubs for experts.
C.People should work harder to master computer use.
D.Computers should be made cheaper so that people can afford them.
57.We can infer from the text that "computer-lilerate" means＿＿＿＿＿
A. being able to afford a computer
B.being able to write computer programs
C. working with the computer and finding out its value
D. understanding the computer and knowing how to use it
58. The underlined word "it" in the second paragraph refers to the idea that Computertowns＿＿＿＿＿．
A.help to set up more computer clubs
B.bring people to learn to use computers
C. bring more experts to work together
D. help to sell computers to the public
59. David Tebbutt started Computertown UK with the purpose of＿＿＿＿＿
A. making better use of computer experts
B. improving computer programs
C.increasing computer saies
D. popularising computers
C
Want to save money when travelling by train? Here are some ways.
Day Returns
This ticket can save you up to 45% on the standard fare (车费). You have to travel after the rush hour period Mon.-Fri. but can travel at any time on Sat.or Sun.Big city Saves
These are special low-priced tickets on certain trains. Yon have to book in advance-at the　latest by 16:00 the day before you travel. It's first come . first served. Weekend Returns
Weekend Returns are available (有售) for most journeys over 60 miles. Go on Fri . Sat. or Sun,and return the same weekend on Sat. or Sun,and save up to 35% the standard fare. Monthly Returns
There are available for most journeys over 65 miles. Go any day and return within a month.Monthly returns save you up to 25% on the standard fare. Family Returns
For ￡20 this railcard allows you to take a second adult (成人) and up to 4 children for only ￡3 each when you buy single or return tickets. You can travel as often as you like until the card
60. Which is the best ticket to buy if you live in London and want to go to asmall town 80　miles away for four days?
A. Big City Savers 　B.Monthly Returns 　C.Weekend Returns 　D.Family Returns
61. A man bought himself a ticket of ￡15 and three tickets for his family with a family railcard.How much did he pay?
A.￡44B. ￡29C. ￡24D.￡15
D

Maybe ten-year-old Elizabeth put it best when she said to her fathet. "But. Dad. you can't be healthy if you're dead."
Ded.in a hurry to get home before dark so he could go for a run. had forgotten to wear his safety belt-a mistake 75% of the US popuation make every day The big question is why.
There have been many myths about safety belts ever since heir first appearance in cars some forty years ago. The following are three of the most common.
Myth Number One:It's best to be "thrown clear"of a serious accident.
Truth:Sorry, but any accident serious enongh to "throw you clear"is alsogoing to be serious enough to give you a very bad landing. And chances are you'll have traveled througb a windshield(挡风玻璃)or door to do it. Studies show that cbances of dying after a car accident are twenty-five times greater in cases where people are "thrown clear."
Myth Number Two: Safety belts "trap" people in cars that are burning or sinking in water.
Truth: Sorry again. but stndies show that people knocked unconscious(昏迷) due to not wearing safety belts have a greater chance of dying in these accidents People wearing safety belts are usually protected to the point of having a clear head to free themselves from such dangerous sinuaions. not to be trapped in them.
Myth Nomber Three Safcty belts aren't needed at speeds of less than 30 miles per hour
Truth: when two cars traveling at 30 mpb hit each other. an unbelted driver would meet the windshield with a force equal to diving headfirst into the ground from a height of 10 meters.
62．why did Elizabeth say to her father. "But. Dad. you cann't be healthy if you're dead"?
A. He was driving at great speed.
B. He was running across the street.
C. He didn't have his safety belt on.
D. He didn't take his medicine on time.
63.The reason Father was in a hurry to get home was That he＿＿＿＿＿．
A. wasn't feeling, very well
B. hated to drive in the dark
C. wanted to take some exercise
D. didn't want to be caught by the police
64. According to the text. to be "thrown clear" of a serious accident is very dangerous because you ＿＿＿＿＿．
A.may be knocked down by other cars
B may get seriously hurt being thrown out of the car
C.may find it impossible to get away from the seat
D.may get caught in the car door
65. Some people prefer to drive without wearing a safety belt because they believe＿＿＿.
A.the belt prevents them from escaping in an accdent
B.they will be unable to think clearly in an accident
C.they will be caught when help comes
D.cars catch fire easily
66. what is the.edvice given in the text?
A．Never drive faster than 30 mile an hour.
B. Try your ben to save yourself in a car accident.
C. Never forget to wear the safety belt while driving.
D. Drive slowly while you're not wearing a safety belt.
E

When a group of children pelltelr siop a convercaiion wiih vou. saying:"We have io go to work now." you're ieft feelins suprised and ceriainlv uneasv. After all. this is the 1990s and the idea of children working is Juat unthinkable. That is. until you are told that they are all pupils of stage schools. and thai ibe "work" they go off to is to go on the stage in a theatre.
Stage schools often acr as agencies (代理机构) to supply children for stage and television work. More worihy of ihe name `siage eckool. nre thase few p!aces where children auend full time. with a iraining for the theatre and a general educaiion.
A visit to such school will leave you in no doubt that the children enjoy themselves. After alI. what lively children woudn"t settle {or snendins onlv half the day doing ordinary school work. and acting. singing or dancing their way through the other half of the day?
Then of course these are time for the children to make a name and make a little money in some big shows. Some stage schools give their children too much professional work at such a young age. But the law is very tight on the amount they can do. Thase under 13 are limited to 40 days in the year; those over 13 do 80 days.
The schools themselves admit that not all children will be successful in the profession for which they are being trained. So what happens to those who don't make it? While all the leading schools say they place great importance on children getting good siudy results. the lacis seem 'o augged ths is not alwaystbe case.
67 Peeple would sipp feeling uneasy wben realisng that ibe ch]Idren tbey're ialking to
A. aiiend a stage sehoo]
B. are going to ibe theaire
C. hsv. gor some work io do
D. ]ove singlns and dancins
68 In ihe wrier's opnion. a ged siage school shoud.
A. preduco siar performers
B. help pup;ls imnrove iheir siudy sk]1]s
C. train pupils in Isnguage and periorming arts
D. provide a guneral ofucation and siage irairting
69."Professional work" as used in the next means＿＿＿＿＿．
A．ordinary school work
B．rooneyrnaking performances
C. siage oraining at school
D. aciing. singing or dancing afier class
70. Whck ofthe follewing beat deecrbes how the wrier feels abeui siage echoolso
A. He ibinks hishlv of wbnt they have ic rffer.
B. He favours an early siart in the training of performing aris.
C．He f'els uncomforiable aboui chldren vuiiins on nieh: sbows.
D．He douhis ihe siandard of ordlnary educaiion ihew have reachof.
B) 根据对话内容,从对话后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项,选项中有两项为多余选项.
John: Oh. hi, Fred!   71  . Why are vou so late?
Sled:   72  .She always keeps us in class until ten past ten.
John: Doesn't she know that you're supposet to get out at ten.
Sled:   73  .But she never look at her watch.She just keeps talking.
John: Don't the students compain(抱怨)about it?  74  .
Sled: No,  75  .
John: Well,you could try and talk to her.
Fred: Maybe.
A.They don't think so
B I didn't know whether to save you a place or not
C.Everybody is too polite
D 1 guess so
E.Mary had a talk with me.
F.It's our maths teather.
G. I would say something
第二卷（共55分）
Ⅳ.单词拼写(共10小题,每小题1分,共10分)
根据下列句子及所给汉语注释，在句子右边的横线上，写出空缺处各单词的正确形式．（每空只写一词）
76.Don't ＿＿＿＿＿(浪费) your money on silly things76.　
77.The wind turned my＿＿＿＿＿(伞)inside out. 　77.　
78.I＿＿＿＿＿(认出) Mike the moment I saw him ．78.　
79. Do you know the＿＿＿＿＿(平均) monthly rainfall in this area? 79.　
80. Sleep is＿＿＿＿＿(必要) to health 　80.　
81 This bus can carry 60＿＿＿＿＿(乘客).81.　
82. Fitty years ago, Chairman Mao＿＿＿＿＿(宣告) the founding of the People's Republic of China. 　 82.　
84. what is the best-known chain of fast-food(餐馆) in the world? 84.　
85. They lived in London until quite＿＿＿＿＿(最近) 85.
V.短文改错（共10小题，每小题1.5分；满分15分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误，对标有题号的每一行作出判断：
如无错误，在该行右边横线上画一个勾（）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
New I can't watch much television but a few years ago 86.
I was used to watch it every night. I was often 87.
a little tired after a day's work and watch TV 88.
demands very little effort. Unfortunate. there are 89.
too many people among my family.Some wanted 90.
to see the programme while others preferred91.
another. I am happy with any program me but 92.
the others spent a lot time arguing and there 93.
was no way of settling the matter exespt by 94.
selling the set.Now someone at home reads intead.95.
V1.书面表达(满分30分〕
假设你是李华，在一所中学读书。最近收到美国朋友Smith先生的来
信：他三年前参观过你校。听说现在变化很大，希望了解有关情况，参照下图，给他写一封回信，
介绍你校的变化。
1. 回信须包括图画的主要内容，可以适当增减细节，使内容连贯；
2.词数100左右。
答案
Ⅰ、Ⅱ、Ⅲ（Key to l一75）

　1. C　2．A　3．B 4．D　5．A　6．D　7．B　8．C　9．A 10．B 11．A 12.D 13．A 14．A 15．B 16．C 17．C 18．B 19．D 20．C 21．B　22．D 23．C 24.B 25．D 26．D 27．C 28．B 29．B 30．A 31．C 32．A 33．D 34．C 35．B　36．C 37；D 38．C 39，A 40．B 41．B 42．A 43．D 44．C 45．A 46．B 47．D 48．A 49．D　50．A 51．A 52．D 53．B 54．B 55．C 56．A 57．D 58，B 59．D 60．B 61．C 62．C 63．C　64．B 65．A 66．C 67．A 68．D 69．C 70．D 71．B 72．F 73．D 74．6 75．C

IV.

　76．waste(lose不可接受）

　77．umbrella

　78．recognised/recognized（realized.knew不可接受）

　79．average／mean （middle不可接受）

　80．necessary／essential／indispensable （ important不可接受）

　81．passengers

　82．declared ／announced

　83．familiar

　84.restaurants （ restaurant，inns ， hotels，dining一halls：canteens，pub5，bars不可接受）

　85． recently／late1y
V.
　The Problem with Television

Now I can't much watch television but a few years ago 　 86．　 much 　

I was used to watch it every night．I was often  87．　 was 　

a lit1e tired after a day's work and watch TV 　88．　watching　

demands very little effort．Unfortunate，there are89. 　Unfortunately　

too many people among my family. Some wanted90．　in　
　
to see the programme while others preferred 91．　one　

another．I am happy with any programme but92．　was　

the others spent a lot ＾ time arguing and there     93．　of　
　
was no way of settling the matter except by  94. 　√　

selling the set． Now someone at home reads instead．　   95．everyone/everybody

VI.
一、评分原则：

1．本题总分为30分，其中内容和语言占29分，词数占1分。按7个档次给分。

2．评分时，先根据文章的内容和语言初步确定其所属档次，然后以该档次的要求来衡量，确定或调整档次，最后给分。词数在90～110之间的，加1分。

二、内容要点：

1. 开头语

2．结束语

3．盖起了一幢新教学楼

4．新建了一座图书馆

5．新操场位于学校前面

6. 种了许多树

三、各档次的给分范围和要求：

第七档： （25一29分）能写明全部或绝大部分要点；语言基本无误；行文连贯，表达清楚。

第六档： （20一24分）能写明全部或绝大部分要点；语言有少量错误；行文基本连贯，表达基本清楚。

第五档： （16一19分）能写明大部分要点；语言有一 些错误：行文不够连贯。

第四档： （12一15分）能写明基本要点；语言虽有较多错误，尚能达意。

第三档： （8一11分）能写出部分要点；语言错误多，影响意思表达。

第二档： （4一7分）只能写出一、两个要点；语言错误很多，只有个别句子可懂。

第一档： （0一3分）只能写出与所要求内容有关的一些单词。

四、说明：

1．内容要点可用不同方式表达。

2．对紧扣主题的适当发挥不予扣分。

五、 One possible version ：

July9

Dear Mr Smith:

I was so p1eased to hear from you and am writing to tel1 you something about my school.

You are right． Quite a few changes have taken place. On one side of the rond there is a

new c1assroom building. On the other side， where the playground used to be now stands

another new building一our library. In it there are all kinds of books，newspapers and

magazines. The plapy ground is now in front of the schoo1． We have also planted a lot of

trees in and a round the school. I hope you come and see for yourself some day.

Best wishes.

yours

Li Hua