2001年普通高等学校春季招生考试（上海卷）
英语

本试卷分为第Ⅰ卷和第Ⅱ卷两部分。满分180分（其中听力部分30分为参考）。考试时间150分钟。
第Ⅰ卷（共135分）
听力部分(略）
笔试部分
Ⅱ. Grammar
Directions: Beneath each of the following sentences there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one answer that best completes the sentence.
21. The is just around the corner and you won't miss it.
A. bicycle's shopB. bicycle shop
C. bicycles shop D. bicycles' shop
22. His daughter is always shy in  and she never dares to make a speech to.
A. the public…the public
B. public…the public
C. the public…public
D. public…public
23. Rose was wild with joythe result of the examination.
A. to B. at
C. by D. as
24. Some of the wheat is from Canada. What about ?
A. anotherB. the other
C.  othersD.  the rest
25. _ people in the world are sending information by E-mail every day.
A.Several millionB.  Many millions
C.  Several millions D.  Many million
26.The new suspension bridge by the end of last month.
A.has been designedB.  had been designed
C.  was designedD.  would be designed
27.Mr.Bush is on time for everything. How it be that he was late for the opening ceremony?
A.canB.  should
C.  may D.  must
28.Sandy could do nothing but to his teacher that he was wrong.
A.admitB.  admitted
C.  admittingD.  to admit
29.What the doctors really doubt is my mother will recover from the serious disease soon.
A.whenB.  how
C.  whether D.  why
30.Have you seen the film"Titanic"， leading actor is world famous?
A.itsB.  it's
C.  whoseD.  which
31.Little Tommy was reluctant to tell the schoolmaster he had done the day before.
A.thatB.  how
C.  whereD.  what
32.It was for this reason her uncle moved out of New York and settled down in a small village.
A.  whichB.  why
C.  that D.  how
33. Only when the war was overto his hometown.
A. did the young soldier return
B. the young soldier returned
C. returned the young soldier
D. the young soldier did return
34. In order to improve English,  .
A. Jenny's father bought her a lot of tapes
B. Jenny bought a lot of tapes for herself
C. a lot of tapes were bought by Jenny
D. a lot of tapes were bought by Jenny's father
35. is no possibility Bob can win the first prize in the match.
A. There…thatB. It…that
C. There…whether D. It…whether
36. Mr. Reed made up his mind to devote all he had tosome schools for poor children.
A. set upB. setting up
C. have set upD. having set up
37.blood if you can and many lives will be saved.
A. GivingB. Give
C. GivenD. To give
38. from heart trouble for years, Professor White has to take some medicine with him wherever he goes.
A. SufferedB. Suffering
C. Having sufferedD. Being suffered
39. You will succeed in the end you give up halfway.
A. even ifB. as though
C. as long asD. unless
40. He hesitated for a moment before kicking the ball, otherwise he
 a goal.
A. had scoredB. scored
C. would scoreD. would have scored
41. - Let's go swimming, shall we?
-
A. It's my pleasureB. It doesn't matter
C. Yes, let's go D. I agree with you
42.-I enjoyed the food very much.
  -I'm glad you like it. Please drop in any time you like.
  -______
A.Is it all right?
B.I'm afraid I won't be free.
C.Yes. I will.
D.That's great.
43.-I'm afraid I can't finish the book within this week.
  -
A. Please go aheadB. That's right
C. Not at all D. Take your time
44.-Hello, may I have an appointment with the doctor?
  -
A.Sorry, he is busy at the moment.
B.Why didn't you call earlier?
C.Certainly. May I know your name?
D.Sorry. He doesn't want to see you.
45.-Do you think our basketballers played very well yesterday?
  -  .
A.They were not nervous at all
B.They were still young
C.They played naturally
D.They couldn't have done better

Ⅲ.  Vocabulary

Directions: Beneath each of the following sentences there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one answer that best completes the sentence.
46.I would be very _______if you could give me an early reply.
 A. Pleasant B. grateful
C. satisfiedD. helpful
47. This is not a match. We're playing chess just for.
A. habitB. hobby
C. funD. game
48. No matter what you do, you should put yourinto it.
A. mind B. heart
C. brainD. thought
49. The lessons given by Mr. Smith are always and interesting.
A. lovinglyB. lovely
C. livelyD. vividly
50. He left in such a burry that Ihad time to thank him.
A. almostB. even
C. hardlyD. nearly
51. While a person is asleep, a part of his brain is still  .
A. activeB. alive
C. awakeD. aware
52. When you turn on the TV set, clear pictures will appear on the screen.
A. rapidly B. hurriedly
C. lately D. immediately
53. There are usually at least two of looking at every question.
A. meansB. directions
C. viewsD. ways
54. My chestwhen I make a deep breath, doctor.
A. harms B. wounds
C. hurtsD. injures
55. He came to my class every week, but his attitudehe was not really interested in the subject.
A. expressed B. described
C. explainedD. suggested
56．The rubber plantation ______ as far as the river.
A．advances  B．extends
C．lies D．develops
57．Tom, ______ yourself．Did you forget the school rules?
A．behave B．believe
C．performD．conduct
58．Time will ______whether I made the right choice or not．
A．seeB．say
C．know D．tell
59．You'd better ______some money for special use．
A．pick upB．set aside
C．put off D．give away
60．In order to ______with the advanced countries, we must keep learning．
A．catch up  B．get along
C．put up D．go on

Ⅳ．Cloze
Directions: For each blank in the following passages there are four words or phrases marked A, B, C and D．Fill in each blank with the word or phrase that best fits the context．

(A)

Mary and Peter were having a picnic with some friends near a river when Mary shouted," Look! That's a spaceship up there and it's going to land here．"
Frightened by the strange spaceship,61 of the young people got into their cars and drove away as quickly as possible．Peter loved Mary and always stayed close to her．They, more 62 than frightened, watched the spaceship land and saw a door open．When nobody came out, they went to look 63 it．In the center of the floor, there was a pile of food. Peter followed Mary into the spaceship and did not  64  the door close behind him. The temperature fell rapidly and the two young people lost their  65  .
  When they came to, they were  66  to see that they were back by the river again. The spaceship had gone.  67  car was nearby.
  "What happened?" asked Mary.
  Peter scratched his head, saying slowly, "Don't ask me. Perhaps we had a 68. Come no. It's time to go home."
  After driving about fifty meters, they found their way blocked by a thick wall made of something like  69 . On the other side of the wall, a few strange beings stopped to look through it and read a notice which, translated into English, said: "new arrivals at the Zoo: a pair of  70  inhabitants in their natural surroundings with their house on wheels."
61. A. bothB. all
C. severalD. most
62. A. tiredB. curious
C. confusedD. astonished
63. A. atB. for
C. intoD. around
64. A. hearB. watch
C. letD. make
65. A. way B. weight
C. speechD. consciousness
66. A. pleased B. disturbed
C. surprisedD. disappointed
67. A. A B. Another
C. TheirD. No
68. A. gameB. dream
C. mistakeD. problem
69. A. glass B. stone
C. woodD. steel
70. A. cityB. space
C. land D. Earth
(B)

Why is setting goals important？Because goals can help you do, be, and experience everything you want in life.71 just letting life happen to you, goals allow you to make your life happen.
Successful people 72 how their life should be and set lots of goals .By setting goals you are 73 your life. It's like having a 74 to show you where you want to go. Think of it this way .There are 75 drivers.One has a destination(目的地)in mind (her goal )which can be found on a map. She can drive straight there without any 76 time or wrong turns. The other driver has no goal or destination or map .She starts off at the sane time from the same place as the first driver, 77 she drives aimlessly around, never getting where, just 78 gas. Which driver do you want to be ?
Winners in life set goals and follow through on them. They decide what they want in life and then get there by making 79 and setting goals. 80 people just let life happen by accident. Goals aren't difficult to set-and they aren't difficult to reach. It's up to you to find out what your goals really are .You are the one who must 81 what to achieve and in what direction to aim your life.
Research tells us that when we write a goal down we are more 82 to achieve it. Written goals can be 83 regularly, and have more power. Like a contract (合同)with yourself, they are harder to neglect or forget. Also 84 you write your goals in a particular way you are able to make yourself continuously 85 situations that will bring you nearer to your goal.
71．A．Because of B．Instead of
C．In spite of  D．In addition to
72．A．imagine B．discuss
C．experience  D．show
73．A．going on with
B．taking control of
C．getting along with
D．taking advantage of
74．A．guide B．friendC．map D．sign
75．A．twoB．such C．someD．good
76．A．freeB．dullC．fixed D．wasted
77．A．orB．for C．but D．so
78．A．thinking of B．using upC．turning off D．paying for
79．A．plansB．money C．friends D．maps
80．A．LuckyB．YoungC．Ordinary D．Unsuccessful
81．A．practiseB．change C．admit D．decide
82．A．willing  B．anxious  C．likely  D．clever
83．A．improved B．reviewedC．setD．reached
84．A．althoughB．untilC．whenD．unless
85．A．aware ofB．worried aboutC．familiar with D．accustomed to

V．Reading Comprehension
Directions: Read the following passages. Each passage is followed by five questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the one that fits best according to the information given in the passage you have just read.
（A）
It was 3.12 a. m. when nine-year-old Glenn Kreamer awoke to the smell of burning. Except for the crackling（爆裂声）of flames somewhere below there was not a sound in the two-storey house at Baldwin, Long Island.
With his father away on night duty at a local factory, Glenn was worried about the safety of his mother, his sister Karen, 14 and his 12-year-old brother Todd. He ran downstairs through the smoke filled house to push and pull at Karen and Todd until they sat up. Then he helped each one through the house to the safety of the garden. There, his sister and brother, taking short and quick breaths and coughing, collapsed on the lawn.
 The nine-year-old raced back into the house and upstairs to his mother's room. He found it impossible to waked her up. Mrs. Kreamer, a victim of the smoke, was unconscious, and there was nobody to help Glenn carry her to the garden. But the boy remained calm and ,as a fireman said later,"acted with all the self-control of a trained adult."
 On the bedroom telephone, luckily still wording, Glenn called his father and, leaving Mr. Kreamer to telephone the fire brigade and ambulance service, got on with the task of saving his mother.
 First he filled a bucket with water from the bathroom and threw water over his mother and her bed. Then, with a wet cloth around his head he went back to the garden.
 He could hear the fire engine coming up, but how would the firemen find his mother in the smoke-filled house where flames had almost swallowed up the ground floor?
Grasping firmly a ball of string from the garage, Glenn raced back into the house and dashed upstairs to his mother's room. Tying one end of the string to her hand he ran back, laying out the string as he went, through the hall and back out into the garden.
Minutes later he was telling fire chief John Coughlan: "The string will lead you to mother." Mrs. Kreamer was carried to safety as the flames were breaking through her bedroom floor.
86．Why did Glenn run downstairs first?
A．He wanted to find out what was happening.
B．He was worried about his mother's safety.
C．He wanted to save his sister and brother.
D．He went to see if his father had come back from work.
87．How did Glenn help the firemen to save his mother?
A．By throwing water all over her and her bed.
B．By carrying her to safety with his brother.
C．By pushing and pulling at her.
D．By tying a string to her hand.
88．Who called the fire brigade and ambulance service?
A．Glenn.
B．Glenn's father.
C．Glenn's sister.
D．Glenn's neighbor.
89．What did Glenn do to protect himself?
A．He put a wet cloth around his head.
B．He threw water all over himself.
C．He hid himself in the bathroom.
D．He rushed out to the lawn.
90．Glenn saved his family because___________.
A．his father had taught him to do so on the phone
B．he had learned something about first aid
C．he had dealt with the emergency calmly and wisely
D．he had followed his mother's instruction

（B）
GET YOUR DEGREE AT HOME！
Have you ever wondered what a Degree might be worth to you I your job or career? It means a lot Americans with an Associate Degree average nearly $ 10,000 more in yearly earnings than those with just a High School Diploma．
Harcourt Learning Direct offers you a way to get a Specialized Associate Degree in 11 of today's growing fields-without having to go to college full time．With Harcourt, you study at home, in your spare time-so you don't have to give up your present job while you train for a better one．Choose from exciting majors like Business Management, Accounting, Dressmaking ＆ Design, Bookkeeping, Photography, Computer Science, Engineering, and more!
Your training includes everything you need!
Books, lessons, learning aids-even professional-quality tools and equipment-everything you need to master your training and move ahead to a new career is included in the low tuition（学费）
Price you pay．
Your education is nationally recognized!
Nearly 2,000 American companies-including General Electric, IBM, Mobil．General Motors, Ford, and many others-have used our training for their employees．If companies like these recognize the value of our training, you can be sure that employers in your area will, too!
Earn your degree in as little as two years! Get a career diploma in just six months!
The career of your dreams is closer than you think! Even if you have no experience before, you can get valuable job skills in today's hottest fields! Step-by-step lessons make learning easy．Prepare for promotions, pay raises, even start a business of your own!
Send today for FREE information about Harcourt at-home training!
 Simply-fill in your name and address on the coupon（登记表）above．Then, write in the name and number of the one program you're most interested in, and mail it today．We'll rush you free information about how you can take advantage of the opportunities in the field you've chosen. Act today!
  Mail coupon today!
 or call the number below
 1-800-372-1589 Call anytime, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
 www. harcourt-learning.com
 E-mail: harcourt@learning.com
91．What kind of people will probably answer this advertisement?
A．College students preparing to work in some big companies.
B．College students preparing to study for a degree.
C．High school graduates preparing to have at home training.
D．High school graduates preparing for college entrance examinations.
92．Which major is NOT mentioned in the advertisement?
A．Photography
B．Physiology
C．Accounting
D．Bookkeeping
93．People can get a specialized Associate Degree by_________.
A．doing full-time learning at school
B．working in some big famous companies
C．studying in their spare time
D．studying abroad for two years
94．Harcourt training has NOT been used by ____________for its employees.
A．General Motors
B．Harvard University
C．General Electric
D．Mobil
95．How can you contact Harcourt Learning Direct?
A．By sending an E-mail.
B．By visiting the office on weekdays.
C．By making a call on weekdays only.
D．By sending a letter not later than today.

(C)
A new plan for getting children to and from school is being started by a local government in Eastern England. This could end the worries of many parents fearful for their children's safety on the roads.
Until now the local government have only been prepared to provide bus services for children living more than three miles from their school, or sometimes less if special reasons existed. Now it has been decided that if a group of parents ask for help in organizing transport they will be prepared to go ahead, as long as the arrangement will not lose money and children taking part will be attending their nearest school.
The new plan is to be tried out this term for children living at Milton who attend Impington School. The children live just within the three-mile limit and the local government have said in the past that they will not undertake to provide free transport to the school. But now they have agreed to offer a sum of money for a bus service from Milton to Impington and back, a plan which has the support of the school's headmaster.
Between 50 and 60 parents have said they would like their children to take part. Final calculations have still to be carried out, but a government official has said the cost to parents should  be less than ￡20 a term.
They have been able to arrange the service at a low cost because there is already an agreement with the bus company for a bus to take children who live further away to Impington. The same bus would now just make one more journey to pick up the Milton children. The official said they would get in touch with other groups of parents who in the past had asked if transport could be provided for their children, to see if they would like to take part in the new plan.
96. What is the aim of the plan?
A．To prevent the students' road accidents.
B．To relieve the traffic pressure.
C．To save time for the parents and students.
D．To help the parents save money.
97．How can the local government arrange the new bus service at a low cost?
A．By letting the bus run in the morning only.
B．By limiting the number of the students.
C．By obtaining the support from the headmaster.
D．By linking the new bus service with the existing one.
98．The new bus service will be paid for by ________.
A．the parents
B．the local government
C．the bus company
D．the local government and the parents
99．Which of the following is possible if the plan is carried out?
 A．The bus company will make much more money.
B．The children can choose whatever school they like.
C．The parents can get rid of their worries.
D．The students in Impington School can have free bus rides.
100．This passage is most probably___________.
A．a personal letter
B．an advertisement
C．a headmaster's report
D．a newspaper article
（D）
Michael, a typical（典型的）American, stays home on workdays. He plugs into his personal computer terminal in order to connect with the office. After work, he puts on his headphones, watches a movie on his home video recorder, or plays baseball on the computer. On many days, Michael doesn't talk to any other human beings, and he doesn't see any people except the ones on television. Michael is imaginary, but his lifestyle is very possible .The inventions of modern technology seem to be cutting us off from contact with our fellow human beings.
 The world of business is one area in which technology is isolating us. Experts say, for example, that many people will soon be able to work at home. With access to a large central computer, employees such as office clerks, insurance agents, and accountants could do their jobs at display terminals in their own homes. They would never have to actually see the people they're dealing with .In addition ,the way employees are paid will change .Workers' salaries will be automatically paid into their bank accounts (账户),making paper checks (支票)unnecessary. No workers will stand in line to receive their pay or cash their checks. Personal banking will change, too. Customers will deal with machines to put in or take out money from their accounts.
 Another area that technology is changing is entertainment. Music, for instance, was once a group experience. People listened to music at concert halls or in small social gatherings .For many people now, however music is an individual experience. Walking along the street or sitting in their living rooms, they wear headphones to build a wall of music around them. Movie entertainment is changing, too. Movies used to be social events. Now, fewer people are going out to see a movie. Many more are choosing to wait for a film to appear on television or are borrowing videotapes to watch at home. Instead of laughing with others, viewers watch movies in their own living rooms.
101.  After work, Michael likes to _____.
A. listen to music at the concert hall
B. watch a movie in his living room
C. run a program on his computer in his office
D. play baseball with his workmates
102. Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage?
A. Clerks will able to work at home.
B. One can play baseball on the computer.
C. One can listen to music without disturbing others.
D. One can borrow books from libraries at home.
103. The sentence "Michael is imaginary, but his lifestyle is very possible" means_______.
A. Michael is a person full of imagination and he can make his dreams come true
B. Michael is not a real person but the lifestyle does exist
C. Michael has ambitions but he can't make his dreams come true
D. Michael is a person full of imagination and his lifestyle is common nowadays
104. What will the author most probably discuss after the last paragraph?
A. Games and sports.
B. Personal banking.
C. Music and films.
D. International business.
105. What is the main idea of the passage?
A. We may no longer need to communicate with other human beings.
B. Modern technology seems to be separating human beings.
C. We may no longer need to work in the office.
D. Modern technology makes it possible for us to work and entertain ourselves at home.
第Ⅱ卷（共45分）
Ⅰ. Translation
Directions: Translate the following sentences into English, using the words or phrases gives in the brackets.
1．早睡早起有益于健康（do good to）
2．乘车时你有主动给老人让座的习惯吗？（offer）
3．就我所知，在那座小城市里购物很方便。(as far as)
4．他很后悔失去了获得奖学金的机会。（regret）
5．到目前为止，我们学过的英语单词总计大约有三千五百个。(add up to)
6．学生们逐渐认识到友谊胜过金钱才是真朋友。（realize）
Ⅱ．Guided Writing
Directions: Write an English composition in about 100 to 200 words, according to the instructions given in Chinese.
国际青年艺术节（the International youth Art Festival）即将举行。作为一名志愿者，谈谈你的打算。

英语试卷答案要点及评分标准

第Ⅰ卷

第一大题为听力部分。第1小题至第10小题每题1分。第11小题至第20小题每题2分。
1. C　2.C　3.D　4.C　5. B
6. C　7.A　8.B　9.D　10.D
11.D　  12.C　  13.A　  14.C　  15.C
16.C　  17.B　  18.A　  19.B　  20.B
第二大题至第四大题，每小题1分。
21.B　22.B　23.B　24.D　25.A
26.B　27.A　28.A　29.C　30.C
31.D　32.C　33.A　34.B　35.A
36.B　37.B　38.C　39.D　40.D
41.C　42.C　43.D　44.C　45.D
46.B　47.C　48.B　49.C　50.C
51.A　52.D　53.D　54.C　55.D
56.B　57.A　58.D　59.B　60.A
61.D　62.B　63.C　64.A　65.D
66.C　67.C　68.B　69.A　70.D
71. B  72. A 73. B  74. C 75. A
76. D  77. C 78. B  79. A 80. D
81. D  82. C 83. B  84. C 85. A
第五大题，每小题2分，共40分。
86. C87. D 88. B 89. A 90. C
91. C92. B 93. C 94. B 95. A
96. A97. D 98. D 99. C100. D
101. B 102. D103. B104. A105. B

第Ⅱ卷

一、翻译，共20分。
Ⅰ. 参考答案（仅供阅卷老师参考）
1. Going to bed early and getting up early does good to your health.
考核点:1) going to bed early and getting up early
2) do good to
2. Do you have the habit of offering your seat to the old on the bus?
考核点：1）habit 2）offer
3. As far as I know, it is convenient to do shopping in that small city.
考核点：1）as far as I know  2）convenient
4. He regretted missing the chance of getting the scholarship.
考核点：1）regret2）chance
5. The English words we have learned so far add up to about 3500.
考核点：1）so far  2）add up to
6. The students have come to realize that friendship is more important than money and that a friend in need is a friend indeed.
考核点1）come to realize  2）more…than  3）a friend in need is a friend indeed

Ⅱ. 评分标准
1．第1-5题，每题3分；第6题，5分。
2．在每题中，单词拼写、标点符号、大小写错误累计每两处扣1分。
3．语法错误每处扣1分。每句同类语法错误不重复扣分。
4．考核点错误每处扣1分。词义错误每处扣1分。

二、写作，共25分，其中内容分10分，语言分12分，组织结构分3分。
（一）内容要求：
  A档：10分 重点明确、内容充实。
  B档： 8分 重点明确、内容较充实。
  C档： 6分 重点明确、但内容单薄。
  D档： 4分 重点不明确、内容松散。
  E档： 2分 严重离题。
（二）语言要求：
1．语言表达正确、文字流畅，得12分。
2．语法、措辞等错误，每处扣1分。同一错误不重复扣分。
3．单词拼写、标点符号、大小写等错误累计每两处扣1分。同一错误不重复扣分。
4．每句最多扣2分。
5．语言分最多扣12分。
（三）组织结构要求：
凡内容和语言两部分得分超过16分，字数在100个以上，并符合下列条件者可以酌情得分。
1．凡全文在措辞、句子结构、上下文连贯等方面比较出色者，酌情加1至2分。
2．凡内容充实、语言准确、句子连贯、用词贴切的优秀作文，可加3分。
（四）字数要求：
  字数不足100个酌情扣分。字数少于50个，总分得分最多不超过10分。