2002 海淀区高三第二学期期末练习
英语
第一卷（三部分，共115分）
听力试题
第一部分：听力（略）
第二节：完形填空（共20小题，每小题1. 5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36-55各题所给的四个选项（A、B、C、D）中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
It's an age-old saying: Men are from Mars; women are from Venus. Males and females  36  different behaviors almost  37  birth. Researchers say these behaviors are due to  38  differences in brain structure and activity. Studies show men are better at hitting targets （靶子）and solving math problems  39  women are better at memorizing words and  40  faces. Why the differences?
A test of the brain's electrical activity （EEG）shows that women  41  use both sides of their brain while men rely more on one. Scientists  42  know that the two sides of the brain control different functions -one controlling the sense of space, 43 , the other controlling  44 . Some researchers  45  that the different ways men and women use their brains  46  from ancient times, when cave men hunted and women  47  the children. Men had to have good  48 . Women had to talk to the kids.
Whatever the  49 , the battle of the sexes  50 . And although their brains are constructed slightly differently, men and women may be  51  capable. They may simply  52  different abilities. Take a couple arguing over the location of their car in a parking lot. The man might use his sense of  53   to find it, while the woman relies on her memory of landmarks. 54  of them find the car. But chances are, they'll still  55  who's the better driver and who's better at finding the way home.
36. A. buildB. formC. choose   D. show
37. A. forB. in  C. from D. on
38. A. basicB. average C. great D. exact
39. A. soB. as C. yet   D. while
40. A. realizing  B. recognizing C. describingD. painting
41. A. commonly B. immediatelyC. finally D. suddenly
42. A. evenB. hardly  C. already   D. seldom
43. A. at least   B. as a result  C. above allD. for example
44. A. feelings   B. languageC. direction D. actions
45. A. request   B. believe C. suggest  D. doubt
46. A. grewB. developed  C. invented D. produced
47. A. supported B. carried C. cared forD. gave birth to
48. A. aim  B. way C. healthD. strength
49. A. consideration B. decision C. imaginationD. explanation
50. A. changes B. begins C. spreads  D. continues
51. A. equallyB. fortunately  C. surprisinglyD. frequently
52. A. show off  B. take onC. depend onD. keep up
53. A. areaB. space  C. sightD. distance
54. A. Both B. Neither C. AllD. None
55. A. agree with B. think over   C. argue about  D. point out
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题，每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下列短文，从每小题所给的四个选项中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
While the rest of the world carried on cycling during the 1950 s and 1960 s, America forgot how; even high-school children would drive to school. Recently there has been something of a renaissance （复兴）in cycling, and in many areas it is a very useful way of getting around, especially where bike paths or bike routes have been built. You may well want to buy, hire or borrow a bike.
There are two important consequences （后果）of this earlier drop in cycling in the USA. One is that many people do not know how to cycle. That is, cyclists often behave more like pedestrians （行人）than motorists :they ride on the sidewalk or on the wrong side of the road; they do not care for stop signs or traffic lights; they ride without lights at night; they give no hand signals. The other consequence is that cycling is regarded by many people not so much as a way of getting from one place to another but as a way of life, a form of exercise, etc. As a result, large number of young Americans have ten-speed racing bikes. These are very high and fast and great if you are cycling long distances, riding up mountains or racing. At first, though, you may find them awkward for cycling in town, sight-seeing or shopping-they are expensive, uncomfortable and hard to control until you get used to them, and unsuitable for rough stony roads.
There are also ordinary bikes around. If you get hold of one of these, you may find that the brakes work by pedaling（踩踏板）backwards. This is perhaps safer than ordinary brakes when it is wet, but it seems to be less effective. This arrangement also means you can't pedal backwards in order to get the pedals in the right place for getting on or moving off.
56. The passage gives us a brief introduction to.
A. advantages of bikesB. cycling in America
C. American transportation D. how to ride a bike
57. Young Americans prefer racing bikes because they .
A. can help keep fitB. are easy to learn
C. are safer to rideD. are expensive and popular
58. Which of the following does NOT result from the early drop in cycling in the USA?
A. Cyclists do not care for traffic lights
B. People ride on the wrong side of the roads
C. Cycling is not considered a way of transportation
D. People have to pedal backwards to stop the bike
59. From the passage we can learn that in the middle of the 20 th century .
A. many Americans enjoyed cycling
B. cycling was popular in the world
C. racing bikes were better than ordinary ones
D. there were no special roads for bikes in America
B
   If Catlin was the painter of the American Indians and Bierstadt the portrayer （painter）of the Rocky Mountains, the artist of the Western cowboys and settlers was Remington. Born in New York, the son of a wealthy publisher, Remington was a boxer and a football player at Yale University-the last man would expect to become the artist of the Old West. But as a boy he loved horses and fed on the journals of some famous writers.
   At the age of nineteen, he left college to look for adventures. He traveled from Montana to Texas as a prospector （勘探者）. Remington had always been interested in journalism. Now he began to write about and to paint and draw what he saw. The subject of the "Winning of the West "attracted the East. Magazines and newspapers were filled with account of prospectors' adventures, and of battles with cattle thieves and other outlaws-all the tales that were then news and have since become legends. There were also stories by many other writers. Often these were presented by drawings and paintings from Remington's hand, but it was as a successful journalist that Remington was a great artist.
60. In his pictures, Remington often painted.
A. the prospectors' storiesB. mountains and rivers
C. horse racesD. American Indians
61. From the text, we can learn that Remington based his art on the.
A. stories he had read in the newspaper
B. things he had seen and experienced
C. ideas he had learned at Yale University
D. paintings he had copied from early settlers
62. During his youth, Remington.
A. showed his gift as an artist  B. was influenced by his father
C. enjoyed sports and readingD. learned journalism at Yale University
63. The paragraphs before this passage most probably discussed.
A. cowboys in American art history B. works of Catlin and Bierstadt
C. the problem of "Winning the West"D. magazines about the west
C
   A person, like a commodity（商品）, needs packaging. But going too far is absolutely undesirable. A little exaggeration, however, does no harm when it shows the person's unique qualities to their advantages. To show personal attractiveness in a casual and natural way, it is important for one to have a clear knowledge of oneself. A skilled packager knows how to add art to nature without any signs of embellishment （装饰）, so that the person so packaged is not a commodity but a human being, lively and lovely.
A young person, especially a female, shining with beauty and full of life, has all the favor granted by God. Any attempt to make up would be self-defeating. Youth, however, comes and goes in a flash. Packaging for the middle-aged is primarily to hide the marks made by years. If you still enjoy life enough to keep self-confidence and work at pioneering work, you are unique in your natural qualities, and your attractiveness and grace will remain. Elderly people are beautiful if their river of life has been, through plains, mountains and jungles, running its course as it should. You have really lived your life, which now arrives at a self -satisfied stage of quietness and calmness with no interest in fame or wealth. There is no need to make use of hair dyeing. The snow-capped mountain is itself a beautiful scene of fairyland. Let your looks change from young to old in step with natural ageing process so as to keep in harmony （和谐）with nature, for harmony itself is beauty, while the other way round will only end in unpleasantness. To be in the elder's company is like reading a thick book of deluxe (better quality) edition that attracts one so much as to be unwilling to part with .
As long as one finds where one stands, one knows how to package oneself, just as a commodity sets up its brand by the right packaging.
64. It can concluded from the text that.
A. people should be packed at all ages B. people should be packed in a special way
C. elderly people also care about packing D. proper packing makes people attractive
65. According to the author, if you want to keep in harmony with nature, you should
A. dye your hair  B. make up at a young age
C. follow the ageing processD. give up fame and wealth
66. For the middle -aged, attractiveness.
A. hardly exists   B. is the strongest
C. comes from the inside  D. comes from the appearance
67. The underlined sentence means that elderly people
A. are usually packed like a finely-made book
B. experience a lot and have rich knowledge of life
C. do a lot of traveling and can give you much information
D. enjoy reading thick books of beautiful nature and fairylands
D
  With only about 1, 000 pandas left in the world, China is desperately trying to clone （克隆）the animal and save the endangered species （物种）. That's a move similar to what a Texas A & M University researchers have been undertaking for the past five years in a project called "Noah's Ark. "
   Noah's Ark is aimed at collecting eggs, embryos（胚胎）, semen and DNA of endangered animals and storing them in liquid nitrogen. If certain species should become extinct, Dr. Duane Kraemer, a professor in Texas A & M's College of Veterinary Medicine, says there would be enough of the basic building blocks to reintroduce the species in the future.
It is estimated that as many as 2, 000 species of mammals, birds reptiles will become extinct in over 100 years. The panda, native only to China, is in danger of becoming extinct in the next 25 years.
This week, Chinese scientists said they grew an embryo by introducing cells from a dead female panda into the egg cells of a Japanese white rabbit. They are now trying to implant the embryo into a host animal.
The entire procedure could take from three to five years to complete.
"The nuclear transfer （核子移植）of one species to another is not easy, and the lack of available （capable of being used ）panda eggs could be a major problem, "Kraemer believes. "They will probably have to do several hundred transfers to result in one pregnancy （having a baby）. It takes a long time and it's difficult, but this could be groundbreaking science if it works. They are certainly not putting any live pandas at risk, so it is worth the effort, "adds Kraemer, who it one of the leaders of the Project at Texas A& M, the first-ever attempt at cloning a dog.
"They are trying to do something that's never been done, and this is very similar to our work in Noah's Ark. We're both trying to save animals that face extinction. I certainly appreciate their effort and there's a lot we can learn form what they are attempting to do. It's a research that is very much needed. "
68. The aim of "Noah's Ark"project is to.
A. make efforts to clone the endangered pandas
B. save endangered animals from dying out
C. collect DNA of endangered animals to study
D. transfer the nuclear of one animal to another
69. According to Professor Kraemer, the major problem in cloning pandas would be the lack to   .
A. available panda eggs   B. host animals
C. qualified researchers   D. enough money
70. The best title for the passage may be.
A. China's Success in Pandas Cloning
B. The First Cloned Panda in the World
C. Exploring the Possibility to Clone Pandas
D. China -the Native Place of Pandas Forever
71. From the passage we know that.
A. Kraemer and his team have succeeded in cloning a dog
B. scientists try to implant a panda's egg into a rabbit
C. Kraemer will work with Chinese scientists in clone researches
D. about two thousand of species will probably die out in a century
E
   Want a glance of the future of health care? Take a look at the way the various networks of people about patient care are being connected to one another, and how this new connectivity is being exploited to deliver medicine to the patient -no matter where he or she may be.
   Online doctors offering advice based on normal symptoms （症状）are the most obvious example. Increasingly, however, remote diagnosis （远程诊断）will be based on real physiological data （生理数据）from the actual patient. A group from the University of Kentucky has shown that by using personal data assistance plus a mobile phone, it is perfectly practical to send a patient's important signs over the telephone. With this kind of equipment, the cry asking whether there was a doctor in the house could well be a thing of the past.
   Other medical technology groups are working on applying telemedicine to rural （countryside）care. And at least one team wants to use telemedicine as a tool for disaster need-especially after earthquakes. On the whole, the trend is towards providing global access to medical data and experts' opinions.
   But there is one problem. Bandwidth （宽带）is the limiting factor for sending complex （复杂）medical pictures around the world, -CT photos being one of the biggest bandwidth users. Communication satellites may be able to deal with the short-term needs during disasters such as earthquakes or wars. But medicine is looking towards both the second-generation Internet and third-generation mobile phones for the future of remote medical service.
   Doctors have met to discuss computer-based tools for medical diagnosis, training and telemedicine. With the falling price of broadband communications, the new technologies should start a new time when telemedicine and the sharing of medical information, experts' opinions and diagnosis are common.
72. The writer chiefly talks about.
A. the use of telemedicineB. the on-lined doctors
C. medical care and treatment D. communication improvement
73. The basis of remote diagnosis will be.
A. personal data assistance B. some words of a patient
C. real physiological informationD. medical pictures from the Internet
74. Which of the following statements is true according to the text ？
A. Patients don't need doctors in hospitals any more
B. It is impossible to send a patient's signs over the telephone
C. Many teams use telemedicine dealing with disasters now
D. Broadband communications with become cheaper in the future
75. The "problem"in the fourth paragraph refers to the fact that.
A. bandwidth isn't big enough to send complex medical pictures
B. the second-generation of Internet has not become popular yet
C. communication satellites can only deal with short-term needs
D. there is not enough equipment for spreading the medical care

2002 海淀区高三第二学期期末练习
英 语 参 考 答 案
选择题答案
第一、二、三部分（Key to 1-75）
1 B 2 A 3 B 4 C 5 A 6 B 7 A 8 C 9 B 10 B
11 C 12 A 13 C 14 A 15 C 16 C 17 A 18 B 19 A 20 B
21 A 22 A 23 B 24 D 25 A 26 C 27 D 28 D 29 B 30 C
31 B 32 A 33 C 34 C 35 D 36 D 37 C 38 A 39 D 40 B
41 A 42 C 43 D 44 B 45 B 46 B 47 C 48 A 49 D 50 D
51 A 52 C 53 B 54 A 55 C 56 B 57 A 58 D 59 B 60 A
61 B 62 C 63 B 64 D 65 C 66 C 67 B 68 B 69 A 70 C
71 D 72 A 73 C 74 D 75 A
第四部分：
第一节：
76. the   77. clearly-clear   78. shall ∧ be   79. think-thinking   80. increased-increases
81. thing-things82. with-for83. √84. or-and85. anybody-everybody
第二节：
One Possible Version :
   I'm glad to hear you are coming soon. I've planed a one-day trip for you in Beijing.
   In the morning you can first go to the Summer Palace, which is one of the most beautiful parks in Beijing. There you can go boating and climbing. It's also a nice place for taking pictures. Then in the middle of the day you can enjoy a Chinese lunch in a restaurant.
   In the afternoon, I suggest you visit Beijing University. As you know, it is famous both in China and in the world. Before you go back to your hotel, you can drop in at the Book Town. There are not only different kinds books but also many Chinese paintings. I hope you'll have a good time.
Best Wishes,
Yours
Li Hua 