2002年北京西城区高考英语二模试题

本试卷分第一卷（选择题）和第二卷（非选择题）两部分。共150分。考试时间120分钟。
第一卷（三部分，共115分）
第一部分：听力（略）
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项。
例：It is generally considered unwise to give a childhe or she wants．
 A．howeverB．whateverC．whicheverD．whenever
答案是B。
21．Youtelevision.Why not do something more active?
 A．always watchB．are always watching
 C．have always watchedD．have always been watching
22．She had golden hair when she was a child,butshe got older and older,her hair went darker and darker.
A．while B．when  C．afterD．as
23．I often have conversations with John over telephone,while keep in touch with Tom by letter.
A．不填；theB．不填；aC．the；不填D．the;a
24．Children under six are notto school except those of extraordinary intelligence（智力超常）。
 A．permitted B．admitted  C．acceptedD．received
25．The customer bargained with the shopkeeper for a long time,and finally they agreedthe price.
 A．toB．with C．onD．at
26．-I put him down for a well-educated man.
-?
-I mean that he's a well-educated man.
A．I beg your pardon B．Speak louder,will you
C．What's that D．Will you repeat word for word
27．With summer coming on,the weather gets hot .
A．day after dayB．day and night
C．day in and day out D．day by day
28．My money .I must go to the bank to draw some of my savings out before I've none in hand.
A．has run out  B．is running out
C．has been run outD．is being run out
29．-You don't seem to be quite yourself today.What's wrong?
 -Oh,I'm suffering from a cold .Nothing serious,  .
 A．yet B．indeed  C．though D．anyway
30．-Could I use your bike,Jack?
 Of course,you.
 A．can B．may C．couldD．might
31．I tried hard to get some information about the new technology out of his mouth,but he remained.
A．quietB．secretC．silent D．calm
32．full preparations,we decided to put off the meeting till next week.
A．We did not makeB．Having not made
 C．We had not madeD．Not having made
33．It was not until darkhe foundhe thought was the correct way to solve the problem.
A．that;what B．that;thatC．when;whatD．when;that
34．-Didn't you enjoy the performance last night?
 -.It was less wonderful than expected.
 A．Yes,I did B．No,I didn't  C．Yes,I didn't D．No,I did
35．Some of the students have already learned enough English toa conversation with an English speaker.
 A．go on  B．carry on C．keep on D．hold on
第二节  完形填空（共20小题；每题1.5分，满分30分）
 阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36-55各题所给的四个选项（A、B、C和D）中选出最佳选项。
 The Depression（萧条）didn't make much change in my grandparents' lives.But it did bring an unending flow of men out of36  ,drifting（being carried）from job to job,to the farm.The 37
to show up at the door of the kitchen was a man in rags.He quietly38  that he hadn't eaten for a while.Grandpa stood watching him a39  ,then said,"There's a stack（堆，垛）of firewood against the fence behind the barn（谷仓）.I've been40  to get it moved to the other side of the fence.You have just about  41  time to finish the job before lunch."
 Grandma said a42  thing happened.The man got a43  in his eyes and he hurried to the barn at once.She  44 another place at the table and made an apple pie.During lunch,the stranger didn't45  much,but when he left,his46  straightened,"Nothing ruins a man like
 47 his self-respect,"Grandpa later told me.
 Soon after,another man 48 up asking for a meal.This one was dressed  49  a suit and carried a small suitcase.Grandpa came out ,looked at the man and offered a50 ."There is a stack of firewood along the fence down the barn,I've been meaning to get it moved.It'd sure be a  51 to me.And we'd be pleased to have you52  for lunch."
 The fellow set his suitcase  53  and neatly laid his coat on top.Then he set  54 to work.
 Grandma says she doesn't remember how many strangers they  55  a meal with during those Depression days--or how many times that stack of firewood got moved.
36．A．life B．businessC．farming  D．work
37．A．guestB．firstC．secondD．next
38．A．explainedB．spokeC．describedD．talked
39．A．glanceB．littleC．bitD．look
40．A．dreaming B．needing C．wishing D．hoping
41．A．someB．fullC．muchD．enough
42．A．fearingB．funnyC．serious D．surprising
43．A．lightB．flame C．shineD．fire
44．A．put  B．took  C．setD．sat
45．A．say  B．drink C．eat D．have
46．A．shouldersB．arms C．feetD．hands
47．A．throwingB．losing C．hurting D．protecting
48．A．went B．appearedC．cameD．showed
49．A．up B．in C．withD．by
50．A．smile  B．wave C．nodD．handshake
51．A．favour B．offer C．helpD．wonder
52．A．stay B．remain C．honour D．wait
53．A．away  B．aside C．along  D．around
54．A．for  B．off  C．of D．upon
55．A．sparedB．suppliedC．supportedD．shared
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
 阅读下列短文，从每题所给的四个选项（A、B、C和D）中，选出最佳选项。
A
 Jean Driscoll can go faster in her wheelchair than the world's best marathoners can run!
 In April,Jean finished the Boston Marathon in l hour 34 minutes 22 seconds.That's about 33 minutes faster than the winning male runner!She competers on the track,too.She was second in the 800-meter wheelchair race at the 1992 Olympics.
 Jean doesn't like to be told she's brave."I'm not in sports because I'm courageous,"she says,"It's because I'm a competitive person!"Jean was born with spina befida,a birth illness that damages the spine.She began to use a wheelchair to get around in high school.Then she tried wheelchair race and was amazed."Players banged each other and fell out of their chairs,"she says,"It was fun."
 Jean tried other wheelchair sports.At the University of Illinois,her wheelchair basketball team won two national titles.
 Now Jean coaches and teaches.She tries to get people to set goals. "When I sign my autograph,,"says Jean,"I write,dream big and work hard."
56．What made Jean take part in sports?
 A．She was brave.B．She was competitive.
C.Shewasstrong.D．She was disabled.
57．What kind of education did she receive?
 A．High school.B．Junior middle school.
 C．Higher education.D．Primary school.
58．What is Jean's advice on how to succeed?
 A．Work hard.  B．Hope for the best.
 C．Dream a lot.D．Have great wishes and work hard.
B
 Scientists are developing a new kind of machine to take the place of humans.These machines can do jobs in places that are too dangerous for humans.For example,they are being developed to work in nuclear power center,deep under the oceans and in outer space.
 John Marrit,a psychologist（心理学家）in Williamsburg Massachusetts,helped develop the new machine.This is how they work.A machine is placed in an area far away from the person who operates it.The person wears special hard hat with television screens and sound equipment.The screens and sound equipment let the person see and hear exactly what the machine is seeing and hearing.Mr.Marrit says this gives the person the feeling of being in the same place as the machine.The idea,he says,"is being there without going there."The person uses an electronic control to make the machine move.The machine copies the person's movements exactly.If the person raises his right arm,the machine raises the right arm,too.This means an expert can do a dangerous job while staying in the safe place.For example,a person can direct the machine to destroy a bomb without going near the bomb himself.
59．The new kind of machine being introduced in the passage is .
 A．in existenceB．only an idea
 C．being tried outD．has not yet come into being
60．The machine.
 A．follows the person's orderB．is controlled by a computer
 C．does exactly what the person does
 D．is controlled by a television on the person's head
61．The difference between such a new maching and a robot is that .
 A．the new machine is more difficult than a robot
 B．the new machine is more difficult to be controlled
 C．a robot is sontrolled by man indirectly
 D．a robot can't be used in places too dangerous or faraway
C
 There are two main things that make aircraft engingeering difficult:the need to make every part as reliable as possible and the need to build everything as light as possible.They are to be combined（结合）.The fact that an aeroplane is up in the air and can't stop,if anything goes wrong,makes it perhaps a matter of life or death that its performance is completely dependable.
 Given a certain power of engine,and so a certain amount of oil,there is a practical limit to the total weight of aircraft that can be made to fly.Out of that weight as much as possible is wanted for fuel radio instruments,passenger seats,or freight（货物）room,and,of course,the passengers or freight themselves.So the aircraft has to be as small and light as safety will allow.The designer must work out the normal load that each part will bear.This specialist is called the "stress（压力）man."He takes notice of any unusual stress that may be put on the part as a means against errors in production,accidental damage,etc.
 The stress man's decisions go to the designer of the part,and he must make it as strong as the stress man says is necessary.One or two small parts are always tested to prove that they are as strong as the designer wanted.Each separate part is tested,then a whole one--for example,a complete wing,and finally the whole aeroplane.When a new type of aeroplane is being made,normally only one of the first three made will be flown.Two will be destroyed on the ground in strict tests.The third one will be tested in the air.
 When a plane has passed all the tests it can get a government permission of flight,without which it is illegal（非法的）to fly,except for test flying.
62．The main difficulty of aircraft design lies in.
 A．the combination of lightness and reliability
 B．the speed and cheapness
 C．reliability and passenger comfort
 D．its engine power and oil burning
63．The stress man's job is to work out .
 A．how safe the plane isB．the load that each part bears
C．the possible errors made by designers
D．the amount of load the aircraft may carry
64．Which of the following statements is NOT true?
 A．The total weight of an aircraft depends on the power of the engine.
 B．An aircraft has to pass all the tests.
 C．Permission of flight can be got from the government.
 D．It is necessary for all the first planes to be tested in the air.
65．Which of the following statements is not false?
 A．Nearly every separate part is tested.
 B．Not a single part is tested.
 C．Not all the parts are tested.
 D．None of the separate parts can be used without being tested.
D
 Let children learn to judge their own work.A child learning to talk does not learn by being corrected all the time;if corrected too much,he will stop talking.He notices a thousand times a day the difference between the language he uses and the language those around him use.Bit by bit,he makes the necessary changes to make his language like other people's .In the same way,children learning to do all the other things they learn to do without being taught to walk,run,climb,whistle,ride a bicycle--compare their own performances with those of more skilled people,and slowly make the needed changes.But in school we never give a child a chance to find out his mistakes for himself,let alone correct them.We do it all for him.We act as if we thought that he would never notice a mistake unless it was pointed out to him,or correct it unless he was made to.Soon he becomes dependedent on the teacher.Let him do it himself.Let him work out,with the help of other children if he wants it,what this word says,what the answer is to that problem,whether this is a good way of saying or doing this or not.
 If it is a matter of right answers,as it may be in mathematics or science,give him the answer book.Let him correct his own papers.Why should we teachers waste time on such tiring work?Our job should be to help the child when he tells us that he can't find the way to get the right answer.Let's end all this nonsense of grades,exams,marks,Let us throw them all out,and let the chidren learn what all educated persons must some day learn,how to measure their own understanding,how to know what they know or do not know.
66．What does the author think is the best way for children to learn things?
 A．By copying what other people do.
 B．By making mistakes and having them corrected.
 C．By listening to explanations from skilled people.
 D．By asking a great many questions.
67．What does the author think teachers should not do?
 A．They give children correct answers.
 B．They point out children's mistakes to them.
 C．They allow children to mark their own work.
 D．They encourage children to copy from one another.
68．The passage suggests that learning to speak and learning to ride a bicycle are .
 A．not really important skills  B．more important than other skills
C．different from learning adult skills
D．almost the same as learning other skills
69．Exams,grades and marks should be got rid of because children's progress should only be decided by  .
A．educated persons  B．the children themselves
 C．teachersD．parents
70．Why should children learn to judge their own work?
 A．Because most children don't like their teachers.
 B．Because their parents ask them to do so.
 C．Because they can learn much more things in this way.
 D．None of the above.
E
 Every object has weight.But the center of its weight is not always in the middle of the object.If the top of an object is heavier than its bottom,it will fall over easily.We say that its center of gravity is high.But if the bottom is heavier,it won't fall easily.Then we say that its center of gravity is low.
 Look at the first picture.This empty box must fall over,because its center of gravity（C）is not above the line of its bottom（AB）
 Now look at the second picture.There is some heavy iron in the bottom of this box.It will not fall,because its center of gravity is above its bottom.
71．If the bottom of an object is its top,it will fall over easily.
A．lighter than B．heavier than C．no heavier thanD．as heavy as
72．Please point out which box will not fall.
73．The reason why the Leaning Tower of Pisa does not fall is that.
 A．the top of the tower is heavier than its bottom
 B．the bottom of the tower is not heavier than its top
 C．its center of gravity is still above the line of its bottom
 D．its center of gravity is not above the line of its bottom
74．If an object has a low center of gravity,.
 A．it won't fallB．it won't fall easily
 C．it is sure to fall over  D．its top must be heavier
75．The main idea of the passage is.
 A．why things fall overB．a low center of gravity
 C．a high center of gravityD．that everything has weight

第二卷（共35分）

第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节，短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
 此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上画一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（\）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
One day,Mrs Hong went to the
car park to get hercar.While she got to the car park,she found that someone  76.
stolen her car.So she rushed to the police station and told 77.
the police about it.Meanwhile,the next morning,the car78.
was in its usual parked place in the car park.Inside the car79.
was a note,"We are sorry that we stole your car.We really
needed for an emergency（急事）trip to the hospital.Please 80.
receive these two tickets for Saturday's show at the Great Theater." 81.
Mrs Hong's husband said,"Griminals（罪犯）are a lot more 82.
polite nowadays.We are educated people."So they went to83.
the show.When they returned home,there was something84.
left in the house except a note saying that,"Hope you enjoyed85.
the show!
第二节  书面表达（满分25分）
 请你根据下面的提示写一篇短文。
 你在2001年暑假到一家肯德基（KFC）快餐店做保洁（cleaner）工作。你每天工作七个小时，为期三周。这项工作辛苦且枯燥，并使你感到非常疲劳。这几乎使你半途放弃。
 每天你都要起早贪黑地工作。在新学期开始之前，你终于坚持完成了这项工作，并且由此认识天了劳动（labour）的意味。你认为这是一次成功的体验。
 注意：1.必须使用第一人称。
2.词数100左右。

2002年北京西城区高考英语二模试题
 2002.6
试题答案及评分标准
第一卷（共115分）
第一部分：听力部分（每小题1.5分，共30分）
1-10  ABCBA  ABCBC 11-20 ACACA  BBBCA
第二部分：
第一节  单项填空（每小题1分，共15分）
 21-30 BDCBC  ADBCA 31-35  CDABB
第二节  完形填空（每小题1.5分，共30分）
 36-45  DBACB  DDCCA46-55  ABDBD  CABBD
第三部分：阅读理解（每小题2分，共40分）
 56-65 BCDDC  CABDD 66-75  ABDBC  ACCBA
第二卷（共35分）
第四部分：写（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
 One day,Mrs Hong went to the car park to get her
car.While she got to the car park,she found that someone76.  When
∧stolen her car.So she rushed to the police station and told 77.  had
the police about it.Meanwhile,the next morning,the car78. However
was in its usual parked place in the car park.Inside the car79. parking
was a note,"We are sorry that we stole your car.We really
needed ∧for an emergency（急事）trip to the hospital.Please 80.it
receive these two tickets for Saturday's show at the Great Theater." 81.  accept
Mrs Hong's husband said,"Griminals（罪犯）are a lot more82.√
polite nowadays.We are educated people."So they went to 83.  They
the show.When they returned home,there was something  84. nothing
left in the house except a note saying that,"Hope you enjoyed  85. that
the show!"
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
一、评分原则
1．本题总分为25分，按5个档次给分。
2．评分时，先根据文章的内容和语言初步确定其所属档次，然后以该档次的要求来衡量，
确定或调整档次，最后给分。
3．词数少于80和多于120的，从总分中减去2分。
4．评分时，应注意的主要内容为：内容要点、应用词汇和语法结构的数量和准确性，上下
文的连贯性及语言的得体性。
5．拼写与标点符号是语言准确性的一个方面，评分时，应视其对交际的影响予以考虑。英、美拼写及词汇用法均可接受。
6．如书写较差，以至影响交际，将分数降低一个档次。
二、内容要点
1．做保洁工作2．工作时间（7小时、3周）  3．工作辛苦、枯燥
4．疲劳、半途而废  5．新学期前完成 6．感受
三、各档次的给分范围和要求
第五档（很好）：（21-25分）
 完全完成了试题规定的任务。
*覆盖所有内容要点
 *应用了较多的语法结构和词汇
 *语法结构或词汇方成有少许错误，但为尽量使用较复杂结构或较高级词汇；具有较强
的语言应用能力
*有效地使用了语句间的连接成分，使全文结构紧凑  完全达到了预期的写作目的。
第四档（好）：（16-20分）
 完全完成了试题规定的任务。
 *虽漏掉1、2个次重点,但覆盖所有主要内容
*应用的语法结构和词汇能满足任务的要求
 *语法结构和词汇方面应用基本准确，或许错误主要是因为尝试较复杂语法结构或词汇
所致
 *应用简单的语句间连接成分，使全文结构紧凑 达到了预期的写作目的
第三档（适当）：（11-15分）
 基本完成了试题规定的任务。
*虽漏掉一些内容，但覆盖所有的主要内容
 *应用的语法结构或词汇能满足任务的要求
*有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，但不影响理解。
*应用简单的语句间接连接成分，使全文内容连贯
整体而言,基本达到了预期的写作目的
第四档（较差）：（6-10分）
 未恰当完成试题规定的任务。
*漏掉或未描述清楚一些主要内容，写了一些无关内容
 *语法结构单词、词汇项目有限
*有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响了对写作内容的理解
 *较少使用语句间的连接成分，内容缺少连贯性 信息未能清楚地传达给读者
第一档（差）：（1-5分）
 未能完成试题规定的任务。
*明显遗漏主要内容，写了一些无关内容，原因可能是未理解试题要求
 *语法结构简单、词汇项目有限
 *较多语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响对写作内容的理解
 *缺乏语句间的连接成分，内容不连贯  信息未能传达给读者
0分 未能传达给读者任何信息：内容太少，无法评判；写的内容均与所要求内容无关或所写内容无法看清。
四、说明
1． 内容要点可用不同方式表。  2.对紧扣主题的适当发挥不予扣分。
五、One possible version:
 During the summer holiday,2001,I thought I should do something meaningful instead of touring.So I got a job at a KFC fast food restaurant and worked there as a cleaner.I worked 7 hours a day for three weeks.
 The job was hard and boring and seemed endless,which made me so tired that I nearly stopped it half way.After all,I stuck to it with determination.
 Every day I started off for work early in the morning and got home late in the evening .
 Finally,I finished the job before the new school term began.
 Now,I understand what labour means.I think it is really a successful experience.