2002年4月全国大联考试题 (主卷)
英语

本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至11页，第二卷第12页。共150分。考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑。如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。

第一部分：听力（略）
第二节：完形填空（共２０小题；每小题１.５分，满分３０分）
The sun is a star. It is a flaming ball of extremely36 gases. The surface temperature is about 11,000F, hot enough to turn every37  to vapor (气体), but relatively cool compared to the strong heat at the 38.
Located about 93 million miles39 the earth, the sun has a diameter (直径) that is nearly equal to 109 of our earths40 up like a row of beach balls, and a mass that is about 330,000 times the mass of the earth.
The sun is the original source of nearly all our41. It is mostly made of hydrogen （氢）,  42it also contains nearly every other kind of atom（原子）that exists on the earth. The sun obtains its energy from a process offusion（溶解） in which hydrogen atoms are changed into helium（氦）atoms 43  extreme heat and pressure. This process creates a great noise, but we cannot hear it because44does not travel through empty space.
Our sun is not even45large or bright compared to  46 stars. Stars vary in size from smaller than the earth to large enough to hold a good part of our solar system(太阳系)! The 47of a star shows its temperature;A star may be red, yellow, white, or blue.
The nearest star is 4.3 light years from the earth. A light year is the  48 light travels in one year, or about 6 million million miles. The49stars are billions of light years away.  Some are  50 far away that if they were to blow up today, their light would continue to be seen from the earth  51 a million years!
Our sun is part of a great galaxy（星系）of  30 billion stars, called the Milky Way.  52there are billions of galaxies within53  of our telescopes and countless billions beyond. The bigness of space quite54 human comprehension. How exciting it is to live in anage55 human beingshave begun to explore that space.
36.A.cold B. hotC. cool D. warm
37.A.solidB. water  C. steam  D. air
38.A.surface B. center C. middle  D. bottom
39.A.awayB. from  C. far  D. within
40.A.linedB. stood  C. put D. tied
41.A.foodB. things C. energy  D. lives
42.A.howeverB. while C. although D. even if
43.A.under  B. by C. ofD. with
44.A.explosion B. noise C. voiceD. sound
45.A.veryB. relatively C. specially D. especially
46.A.anotherB. other  C. othersD. the others
47.A.surfaceB. bignessC. color D. light
48.A.distance B. space  C. time D. place
49.A.farthestB. smallest  C. biggest  D. nearest
50.A.tooB. such  C. quite D. so
51.A.for  B. withC. inD. by
52.A.But  B. Beside C. Nevertheless D. In addition
53.A.distance B. range  C. timeD. space
54.A.beyond  B. outsideC. out of  D. far from
55.A.whereB. when  C. which D. because
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
A
Registration is still in progress for BEC (Business English Certificate) tests during the first half of 2002. The deadline is March 10. Students who want to take this test may apply this month. A new BEC test paper will be used for the first time this year. The test will continue to comprise of three levels of examinations, but the scores for the speaking section will be added detailed changes on the BEC test format, refer to the September 13 issue of 21st Century.
BEC 2 and BEC 3 were renamed BEC Vantage Level ( not BEC Intermediate Level) and BEC Higher Level ( not BEC Advanced Level) last November. BEC 1 remains as BEC Preliminary Level, the change was made last September.
Test dates for the  three levels are: May 18 for BEC Higher Level, May 25 forBEC Vantage Level and June 1 for BEC Preliminary Level. Information on test centers and registration can be found on the National Education Examinations Authority websites(www.neea.edu.cn).
56. What statement about BEC is right?
A.If you want to study abroad, you must pass BEC.
B.The test will change to 3 levels of examinations.
C.BEC 1 is Preliminary level, while BEC 2 and 3 are Intermediate and Advanced Level.
D. You can take part in BEC in the second half of 2002.
57.If you want to take the test during the first half of 2002, you must apply before .
A. March 10B. May 18C. May 25  D.June1
58. What can be inferred from Paragraph 1?
A. You can't register the BEC test any more after you read the news on February 7,2002.
B. It's new that the test comprises of 3 levels.
C. You can know the information about BEC on the net.
D. Before 2002, there is not speaking section in the test.
B
It is a matter of common observation that although incomes keep going up over the years, people never seem to become much better off! Prices are rising continuously. The condition is termed one of inflation(通货膨胀), the money supply is becoming inflated so that each unit of it becomes less valuable. People have got used in recent years to higher and higher rates of inflation. What could be bought ten years ago for one dollar now costs well over two dollars. It seems that this rate of inflation is tending to rise rather than to fall. If in the real world our money incomes go up at the same rate as prices one might think that inflation does not matter. But it does. When money is losing value it lacks one of thequalities of a good money - stability（稳定） of value. It is no longer acceptable as a store of value; and it becomes an unsuitable standard of deferred（延期） payments. Nobody wants to hold a wasting  possession , so people try to get rid of money as quickly as possible. Inflation therefore stimulates people spending, and prevents people from saving.
59. What does inflation mean?
A.People's money becomes more valuable.
B.The problem of employment will be solved.
C.  It's easier for people to find better paying jobs.
D.  Money keeps losing its value.
60. From the passage, we can know inflation  .
A. seldom happens B. is very common at present
C. is a must D. has become less in recent years
61. According to the passage, if incomes and prices rise together.
A. the business will become better
B. money will hold its value
C. inflation won't be a problem
D. inflation will remain to be a problem
62. When money loses its value.
A. it's no longer stable
B. the price of the goods will go down
C. foods will lose their value
D. income will keep rising
63. In a period of inflation, people are likely to.
A. put much money on the stock market
B. stop spending money
C. hold on to money as a dependable possession
D. spend money as soon as possible.
  C
Women's roles have changed throughout the world in recent years, but nowhere so obviously as in America. As the roles of women have changed, so have men's. In many American homes today, the husband still carries on his traditional role of breadwinner, while his homemaker wife is in charge of the home and child raising. But it is more and more common to find that the children are left in day carcenters or nursery schools while both parents works. The woman may earn as much or more money than her husband. At home, household duties are shared in varying degrees by all family members. It is not unusual to find father cooking dinner, cleaning the living room or changing the baby. Mother might be outside mowing thelawn（修草坪） or washing the car. Children have responsibilities, too. One of the goals of the Women's Liberation Movement has been to have both men and womenshare in childcare, housework and financial responsibility. Today many Americanwomen will not marry a man who is not willing to share equally in house hold responsibilities.
The high cost of living has made it necessary for many women to have jobs outside the home, but women often choose to have jobs in order to use their skills and education or to seek a more fulfilling and interesting life. Many American women enjoy the independence that an outside job and the salary give them. Although women have made advances toward equality, sex discrimination still exists. Employers - men and even some women - sometimes are not for women working outside the home, and in some cases, a women might be paid less than a man who performs the same job. American women, however, have met challenges（挑战） since pioneer days, and they continue to work for true equality.
64. Many American women go out to work in order to.
A. earn enough money to support the family
B. make their husbands share in the housework
C. enjoy independence
D. get more money than their husbands
65.What does sex discrimination mean, EXCEPT  ?
A. It's harder for women to get a same job than men.
B. Women get less paid than men at the same position.
C. Women do most of the housework.
D. Women have jobs outside home.
66.for the women to win true equality.
A. It's impossibleB. It takes a long time C. It's greatly successful  D. It's not difficult
D
We believe that there is more to education than preparation for a job. Children must be prepared for all aspects of their adult life work, leisure, personal relationships, creative activities, coping with money matters, independence, parenthood.
Nevertheless, it would be unrealistic to provide an education which took no account of the needs of employers.
What type of training does the business world regard as important?
Many young people applying for jobs were, in the employers' opinions, very weak in the basic skills of handwriting, grammar and spelling. Though additional education at university level improved the students' general ability, a report states, "In basic skills the standards remained stubbornly low."
It is debatable（有争议的） whether standards have declined（减弱） in recent years. What is certain is that employers do not believe the standard is now high enough. Do technological changes make greater demands upon the students' abilities?
We should also remember that the job expectations of young people have increased. The girls who would have once become shop assistants or hairdressers now wantto be secretaries. Boys who sought an apprenticeship（学徒） 20 years ago now desire to an engineering degree. But it is still the same girls and boys with thesame degree of ability. No wonder there are problems in reaching the "necessarystandards" of the business world.
Many employers believed that it was important for teachers to have experience outside the world of college and school. They should work for a while at some other kind of job "to see how the world of business and commerce differs form their own". The teaching profession and society in general needed a greater understanding of manpower needs and therefore of "the desired" direction of the education system.
67.The article mainly talks about  .
A. no education among young people
B. meeting the educational requirements of employment
C. the problem of unemployment
D. the weaker standards of education
68.In the writer's opinion, education should.
A. pay more attention to students' academic（学术的） ability
B. only meet the needs of employment
C. be suitable to all aspects of being an adult, including employment
D. focus on grammar
69."The same girls and boys" in Para. 6 refer to  .
A. those who are likely to be unemployed
B. those who have just left middle school
C. those who are looking for jobs far beyond their abilities
D. those who might have become shop assistants, hairdressers and apprentices in the past
70.It's suggested that teachers should.
A. never change their jobs
B. spend more time on their school work
C. improve their teaching methods
D. get some work experience outside school
E
Shakespeare, more perhaps than any other writer, made full use of the greatestresources of the English Language. Most of us use about five thousand words in our normal employment of English; Shakespeare in his works used about twenty five thousand! There is probably no better way for a foreigner to appreciate the richness and variety of the English language than by studying the various ways in which Shakespeare uses it. Such a study is well worth the effort, even though someaspects of English usage, and the meaning of many words, have changed since Shakespeare's day.
However, it is surprising that we should know comparatively little about the life of the greatest English author. We know that Shakespeare was born in 1564 in Strat for don Avon, and that he died there in 1616. He almost certainly attended the Grammar School in the town, but of this we cannot be sure. We know he was married there in 1582 to Anne Hathaway and that he had three children. We know thathe spent much of his life in London writing his masterpieces（作品）. But this is almost all that we do know.
However, what is important about Shakespeare's life is not its incidental details but its products, the plays and the poems. For many years scholars have been trying to add a few facts about Shakespeare's life to the small number we alreadypossess and for an equally long time critics（批评） have been theorizing（使理论化） about the plays. Sometimes, indeed, it seems that the poetry of Shakespeare will disappear under the great mass of comment that has been written upon it.
Fortunately this is not likely to happen. Shakespeare's  people have long delighted not just the English but lovers of literature（文学） everywhere, and will continue to do so after the scholars and critics and all their works have been forgotten.
71.This passage is about .
A. the great length of each chapter
B. the great varieties in writing styles
C. the richness of  the content in Shakespeare's works
D. the rich English language used by Shakespeare in his works
72. According to the writer, which of the following remains uncertain about Shakespeare?
A. His date of birth.B. His marriage.
C. His life in the Grammar School. D. His date of death.
73. It can be inferred from Para 3 that  .
A. not all the comments on Shakespeare's works have produced good effects
B. scholars have successfully collected facts about Shakespeare's life
C. critics are more interested in Shakespeare's plays than his poetry
D. the details of Shakespeare's life are more important than his literary works
74. What does the last sentence in Para 3 mean?
A. People don't think the poetry of Shakespeare good any more.
B. People pay more attention to the comment than the poetry of Shakespeare.
C. People can't see the poetry of Shakespeare any more.
D. The comment is printed upon the poetry of Shakespeare.
75. "Shakespeare's people" in Para 4 refers to  .
A. the characters in Shakespeare's products
B. the people whose native language is English
C. the people living in Shakespeare's day
D. the readers of Shakespeare's works
第二卷(共35分)
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（每小题１分，满分 10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误，对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上划一个勾（√）：如果有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（\）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用横线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号(∧)，在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
Most of  large cities in the world have grown  76.
without plans, in which London is a such one. 77.
London's streets wind its way and there is no reason 78.
or order to its street number system. Indeed no 79.
one but a practical taxi driver knows the whole of80.
London. And after he gets his license, he must 81.
first tour the city for months, street by the street, then 82.
take a test to prove that he can find his way about.83.
New York and Chicago grew in much the same. They84.
spread out like pouring water expanding at all directions.85.
第二节: 书面表达 (满分25分)
随着中国经济的发展及加入世贸组织,轿车将越来越多地进入普通家庭。一方面，刺激了经济的发展，方便了人们的生活；另一方面， 造成了严重的环境污染。请就此问题写一篇文章，词数120左右。