2002年北京朝阳区高考英语二模试题
第一卷（三部分，共115分）

第一部分：听力（略）
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节  单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
21．--Oh, must you? Stay a bit longer. It's been such fun having you.
-       . I've got an early start tomorrow morning.
A．No problemB．All rightC．Thanks anywayD．Never mind
22．For quite   students, their teacher's advice is more important than   of their
parents'.   A．few; oneB．a few; thatC．a little; someD．a lot; many
23．Many scientist wants to be second Newton.
A．a; theB．a; aC．不填；aD．不填；the
24．-Is Mr Smith in?  -No, he's asked for leave.
A．a two week'sB．a two - weekC．a two - week'sD．a two weeks
25．-You       stop me.-Even if you it, I won't allow you to swim across the river.
A．mustn't; dare not do B．may; dare not do
C．can; dare to doD．needn't; dare do
26．Hares can be seen in fields their bodies in circles in the air.
A．throwingB．to throwC．thrownD．being thrown
27．The most favorite room is the tidy study with a fireplace, we can watch TV and enjoy
the nice scenery outside.   A．whereB．whenC．thatD．which
28．-And besides, these colours are more   you.
    -Do you really think so? I'll take it, then.
A．becoming toB．belonging toC．referring to D．used to
29．Always acting in a strange way, Einstein must have  to people around to be mad.
A．shownB．imaginedC．appearedD．thought
30．Now then,children, it's time you   .
A．washed and dressedB．are washed and dressed
C．will wash and dressD．were washed and dressed
31．-Why! Where's my passport? Maybe I left it on the plane.
-My Goodness! You things behind.
A．had never leftB．didn't leaveC．never leftD．haven't left
32．In order not to be disturbed, I spent three hours    in my study.
A．lockingB．lockedC．to lockD．being locked
33．The British are not so familiar with different cultures and other ways of doing things,
is often the case in other countries.A．asB．thatC．soD．it
34．The train was   to arrive at 11:30, but was an hour late.
A．aboutB．likelyC．certainD．supposed
35．If human beings had been a bit less greedy and cruel, more birds and animals dying
out.  A．ought to avoidB．could have been avoided
C．should have avoidedD．might have avoided
第二节  完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
London-life for Cathy Hagner and her three children is set to permanent (不大可能改变的).
Their  36   school day and her job as a lawyer's assistant are busy enough.   37   Hagner also has to take the two boys to soccer or hockey or basketball while dropping off her   38   at piano lessons or Girl Scout Club.
 39  , the exhausted (精疲力尽的) family doesn't get home until 7 p.m. There is just time for a quick   40   before homework.
In today's world, middle-class American and British parents treat their children   41   they were competitors   42   for some finishing line.
Parents take their children from activity to activity to make their future   43  . It seems that raising a genius (英才) has become a more   44   goal than raising a happy and well-balanced child.
"  45   across the country are reporting a growing number of children   46   from stomachaches and headaches   47   exhaustion and stress,"says child expert Wlliam Doherty. of the University of Minnesota.
Teachers are   48   exhausted kids in the classroom. It's a very serious problem. Many children attend   49   clubs by necessity. But competitive pressures also   50   an explosion of activities. They   51   sports, language, music and maths classes for children as   52   as four.
"There is a new parenting trend (趋势) under way which says you have to tap all your child's potential (潜能) at a young age,   53   you will let them down," says Terry Apter, a Cambridge-based child and adolescent psychiatrist (青少年精神病专家).
"It isn't entirely   54  : there have always been pushy parents. But what was seen as strange behaviour before is now well   55  ."
36．A．halfB．partC．fullD．whole
37．A．AndB．SoC．ButD．For
38．A．daughterB．sonsC．girlsD．kids
39．A．OftenB．HoweverC．ThoughD．Seldom
40．A．lunchB．supperC．breakfastD．tea
41．A．even ifB．as ifC．now thatD．in case
42．A．hopingB．caringC．callingD．racing
43．A．equalB．smoothC．excitedD．bright
44．A．exactB．excellentC．difficultD．important
45．A．DoctorsB．LawyersC．EngineersD．Businessmen
46．A．dyingB．preventingC．sufferingD．learning
47．A．due toB．so as toC．according toD．referring to
48．A．dealing withB．playing withC．going on withD．getting on with
49．A．grown-upB．bodybuildingC．after-schoolD．night
50．A．growB．reduceC．stopD．create
51．A．haveB．enjoyC．teachD．include
52．A．oldB．youngC．manyD．much
53．A．except thatB．thereforeC．otherwiseD．unless
54．A．oldB．newC．wrongD．right
55．A．respectedB．acceptedC．refusedD．managed
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
A
Malls are popular places for Americans to go. Some people spend so much time at malls that they are called mall rats. Mall rats shop until they drop in the hundreds of stores under one roof.
People like malls for many reasons. They feel safe because malls have police stations or private security (安全) guards. Parking is usually free, and the weather inside is always fine. The newest malls have beautiful rest area with waterfalls and large green trees.
The largest mall in the United States is the Mall of America in Minnesota. It covers 4.2 million square feet. It has 350 stores, eight night clubs, and a seven-acre (公顷) park! There are parking spaces for 12,750 cars. About 750,000 people shop every week.
The first indoor mall in the United States was built in 1965 in Edina, Minnesota. People loved doing all their shopping in one place. More malls were built all over the country. Now, malls are like town centers where people come to do many things. They shop, of course. They also eat in food houses that have food from all over the world. They see movies at theatres. Some people even get their daily exercise by doing the new sport of mall walking. Others go to malls to meet friends.
In some malls, people can see a doctor or a dentist (牙医) and even attend church. In other words, people can do just about everything in malls. Now residents (居民) can actually live in their favorite shopping center.
56．Malls are   .
A．large shopping centers which also act as town centresB．large parks with shops
C．the most popular places Americans go to       D．town centers
57．Why have malls become so popular?
A．Because people can do everything there.
B．Because people can do many other things besides shopping for all they need.
C．Because people feel safe in malls with police stations around.
D．Because people enjoy the fresh air and can have a good rest there.
58．Malls have to be large places because   .
A．many people drive their cars to go to malls  B．there have to be some restaurants, clinics and theatres
C．many people hope to do sports in the malls  D．they have to meet different needs of so many people
59．Those     are called mall rats.
A．who are busy stealing in the mall     B．who have visited the biggest malls
C．who are often found busy shopping in malls   D．who live under the roof of the mall
B
Informal conversation is an important part of any business relationship. Before you start a discussion, however, make sure you understand which topics are suitable and which are considered taboo (禁忌) in a particular culture. Latin Americans enjoy sharing information about their local history, art, and customs. Expect questions about your family, and be sure to show pictures of your children. Yon may feel free to ask similar questions of your Latin American friends. The French think of conversation as an art form, and they enjoy the value of lively discussions as well as disagreements. For them, arguments can be interesting - and they can cover pretty much or any topic - as long as they occur in a respectful and intelligent (智慧的) manner.
In the United States, business people like to discuss a wide range of topics, including opinions about work, family, hobbies, and politics. In Japan, China, and Korea, however, people are much more private. They do not share much about their thoughts, feelings, or emotions because they feel that doing so might take away from the harmonious (和谐的) business relationship they're trying to build. Middle Easterners are also private about their personal lives and family matters. It is considered rude, for example, to ask a businessman from Saudi Arabia about his wife or children.
As general rule, it's best not to talk about politics or religion (宗教) with your business friends. This can get you into trouble, even in the United States, where people hold different views. In addition, discussing one's salary is usually considered unsuitable. Sports is typically a friendly subject in most parts of the world, although be careful not to criticize a national sport. Instead, be friendly and praise your host's team.
60．The author considers politics and religion  .
A．cheerful topicsB．taboo  C．rude topics  D．topics that can never be talked about
61．Which is typically a friendly topic in most places according to the author?
A．Sports.B．Children.C．Personal feelings. D．Families.
62．Why are people from Asia more private in their conversation with others?
A．They don't want to talk with others much.
B．They don't want to have their good relationship with others harmed by informal
 conversation.
C．They are afraid to argue with their colleagues.
D．They want to keep their feelings to themselves.
63．What shouldn't you do when talking about sports with colleagues from another country?
A．Praising your own country's sports.B．Criticizing your own country's sports.
C．Praising the sports of your colleagues' country.
D．Criticizing the sports of your colleagues' country.
C
The producer appeared behind the recording studio window and smiled and waved to me like an old friend. And after I had read out a little test piece, he said, "That's fine, wonderful, your voice is perfect, lively, wonderful." Then I read a longer passage in English about the delights of touring in Britain, and another about the delights of visiting London, and both were "excellent" and "just right", and I began to consider a job in radio.
To be honest, I was fairly sure of myself though I lacked experience. Across the room in the Hamburg News Agency where we both worked, a friend named Peter Turner called to me, "I say, Mike, a man on the phone here wants someone to do a recording in English, and I' m booked up. Would you read something to him in English as a sort of test?" I did, and they said, "Perfect, lovely, wonderful, …" Would I come round?
It was after reading their passage in English in the studio that they noticed my vowel (元音) pronunciations were not altogether King's English, or even Prince Philip's, there was a larger silence than usual, then the voice said: "Fine, lovely…, but you said the word 'castle' with a short 'a'. Could we have the passage again please, but this time say 'castle'."
This was easy. But then he noticed other differences in my pronunciation.
"It's my northern English accent," I said, angry, because I had to apologize for it.
"Oh, I see…but Mike, we'll have to get it right, I'm afraid. The recording is for teaching English to German schoolchildren, and it must be spoken in the way it is taught in German schools."
I read the passage again…and again…and again. But of course you cannot change the pronunciation of a lifetime in an hour. The  studio men were in the state of having lost hope and underlined the vowels which caused me to feel angry, so that I'd remember them. Few, really. But because I had to concentrate (集中) on them, I made a lot of mistakes in my reading. Everyone got somewhat irritable (easily made angry), so we all went out for a beer.
64．Broadcasting did not make Mike nervous    .
A．although he had never done any before      B．becaues he worked in a news agency
C．because he was used to talking on the phone  D．although the passages were long
65．What happened after Mike had read the third passage?
A．They made him repeat it.        B．They said nothing.
C．They began to discuss the King's English.  D．They could not understand one of the words.
66．They wanted Mike to change his pronunciation because   .
A．German schoolchildren did not like a northern accent
B．it was different from the English taught in German schools
C．it was different from the English spoken in Germany
D．German schoolchildren were taught through recordings
67．Why did Mike's reading of the passage get worse?
A．He needed a drink to clear his throat. B．He was trying to do the recording in an hour.
C．He was trying hard to get certain sounds right.  D．He could not learn so many new sounds.
D
Crossroads International
How does Crossroads work?
Crossroads is a resource network. We take goods Hong Kong doesn't want and give them to people who badly need them. We collect those goods and give them out in the welfare arena (福利院) in Hong Kong, Mainland China, elsewhere in Asia, Eastern Europe and Africa. So Crossroads is just that: a Crossroads between need and resource.
Who do we help?
The welfare agencies we help do not run on large budgets (预算). They are grass-root groups who have seen a need and tried to meet it. They can't get the job done without back-up, though, so our task is to help them do their task. Our warehouse is full of goods, from computers to high chairs, clothing to books, stationery to medical provision, cupboards to dining sets. They send us a list of their needs and we try to match it with the resource we have in stock.
How do we operate?
Crossroads itself also operates on a low budget. We do not buy the goods we send. They are donated (捐赠). Similarly, rather than raising funds for freight (货运), we ask transport companies to donate their services. Nobody in our organization receives a salary. Even our full-time staff work on a voluntary basis.
Those that donate goods and services:
 Factories Manufacturers
 Hospitals Hotels
 Educational Institutions Householders
 Transport Companies Offices
 Other Charities
One resource that we are always in need of is people. While we receive large quantities of goods and there is never a short supply of requests for them, we are always in need of hands to help sort and prepare them for shipping.
What can I do?
We are always in need of people. We have a lot of tasks. If you are volunteering regularly, we can offer work in some of the following categories, some of the time. You are welcome to number your top three choices and we will do our best to accommodate (提供) them.
 Clothing categorization Sewing
 Toy categorization Furniture handling
 Book categorization Driving
 Household goods categorization Office work
 Electrical goods categorization Book keeping
 Stationery categorization Fund-raising
 Medical categorization
Where to find us
All volunteer work is done at our warehouse:
Located in Basement Zone M of the Kai Tak Government Building
Our warehouse hours:
Tues-Sat.
10am-5:30pm
Postal Address:
16Man Tong, Silvermine Bay, Lantau Island,
Hong Kong
Office details:
Ph: 2984 9309, 2740 9657
Fax: 2984 7452
Email: 106122.2524@compuserve. Com
68．Crossroads International is    .
A．a welfare agency   B．a place to store goods donated
C．an organization to collect goods for those who need them D．an organization run by the government
69．People in poor areas can't get help from the Crossroads if they need    .
A．toys and booksB．furniture and computers
C．fresh water and foodD．clothes and washing machines
70．The purpose of this brochure (小册子) is mainly to       .
A．look for volunteers to work for Crossroads
B．call on people to donate more goods
C．let people know what Crossroads International is
D．tell people what Crossroads can provide
71．From the above brochure, we can conclude that     .
A．people who work at Crossroads get low pay from it
B．Crossroads doesn't give goods directly to the people who need them
C．you can do whatever you like if you offer help at Crossroads
D．Crossroads has collected more goods than needed
E
How to protect children Web fans from unsuitable material on-line while encouraging them to use the Internet has long been discussed in the U.S.
For some parents, the Internet can seem like a jungle, filled with danger for their children. But jungles contain wonders as well as hazards (危险) and with good guides, some education, and a few precautions (预防措施), the wilds of the Internet can be safely navigated (航行). "Kids have to be on-line. If we tell our kids they can't have access (机会) to the Internet, we're cutting them off from their future, " said an expert.
Most kids have started to use search engines. Many of them are great for finding tons of interesting Internet sites, and they can also locate places where you might not want your kids to go. There are search engines designed just for kids. A certain software contains only sites that have been selected as safe. The most popular way to limit access would be to use what is known as a "content screener (过滤器)". But this can't be wholly reliable (可靠), and the best thing parents can do is to talk to their kids and let them know what is OK or not OK to see or do on the Internet. Another way is that mum or dad is nearby when the child is surfing (浏览) the Internet.
A few other tips:
-Don't put the PC in a child's room but keep it in an area where mum or dad can keep an eye on things. That also makes the Internet more of a family activity.
-Ask your child what he or she has been doing and about any friends they make on-line.
-Tell your child not to give on-line strangers personal information, especially like address and phone number.
-And tell your children never to talk to anyone they meet on-line over the phone, send them anything, accept anything from them or agree to meet with them unless you go along.
72．The passage is mainly about the subject of     .
A．American children going on-lineB．Internet in America
C．appreciating InternetD．opposing children's on-line
73．The best way to protect children from improper material is   .
A．to install (安装) a content screener on the computer
B．to buy some search engines for the children
C．to be nearby when they are surfing the Internet
D．to talk to the children and persuade them to tell right from wrong
74．Which of the following is right according to the passage?
A．Surfing the Internet is the best method of educating children.
B．Children's not having access to Internet may have effect on their progress.
C．Using a content screener is most reliable for keeping children having access to Internet.
D．Searching engines can help children to select materials fit for them.
75．According to the passage, we can infer that   .
A．softwares fit for children want programming   B．a child who is on-line is in danger
C．Internet is a jungle full of danger      D．Internet contains a lot of harmful sites
第二卷（共35分）
第四部分：写（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
The street was busy with traffic and very noise. 76.
Buses, black and yellow taxis, cars and bikes rushed 77.
to him and everywhere people were crossing the 78.
street. Isa stopped and watched it. He wiped 79.
his face with handkerchief. The weather was very80.
hot. Isa thought these people were very carelessly,81.
or is it that they didn't understand the danger?82.
There were death every day on Jalan Bintang.83.
Isa waited at the least ten minutes before he84.
could cross. He wanted to stay live. Life was good!85.
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
假如你校与加拿大某中学是友好学校，对方校刊来信想了解你校选修课开设情况。请根据下表提供的学生问卷调查，用英语写一篇报导。
课程门类上课时间最受欢迎的课对课程的看法建   议
十余种(学生可任选)每周二下午3:30-5:00计算机英语口语艺术等1．十分感兴趣2．学到许多课外   的知识3．有大量的实践   机会1．增加选修课2．减少作业量3．多组织参观，   了解社会
要求：1．报导需包括表内提供的所有内容。2．词数100左右。报导题目已给出。
        Students Like Optional Course