2002年北京东城区高考英语二模试题

（考试时间120分钟，共150分）
本试卷分第一卷（选择题）和第二卷（非选择题）两部分。
第一卷（三部分，共115分）
第一部分：听力（略）
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节：单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳答案。
21．-How did you find your visit to the museum,Jane?
-  .
A．Oh,wonderful,indeedB．By taking a number 3 bus
C．I went there aloneD．A classmate of mine showed me the way
22．He had little idea that it was getting so late,  ?
A．didn't heB．wasn't itC．did heD．was it
23．-Are you sure to help me find  bed for my new house?
-Of course,but not now.I'm heading for  bed and a good sleep.
A．a,aB．a,不填C．the,aD．a,the
24．I would have come to see you earlier,but I  too busy.
A．had been B．wereC．wasD．would be
25．With a lot of difficult problems  ,the manager felt worried all the time.
A．to settle B．settlingC．settledD．being settled
26．-Can I drive on the free way,Mr Green?
-You can when you a bit more skilled.
A．will get B．are gettingC．will have gotD．get
27．  you understand the rule,you will have no further difficulty.
A．WhileB．OnceC．ThoughD．Unless
28．Mr Zhang is mild in character.He never shouts  he is very angry.
A．ifB．evenC．thoughD．even when
29．You pay too much attention to your reading skill,as it is so important.
A．cannotB．shouldC．mustD．needn't
30．It is only when you nearly lose someone you fully realize how much you value him.
A．doB．thenC．willD．that
31．I don't skate now,but I when I was a kid.
A．used toB．am used to itC．used D．used to do
32．  good ,the food was soon sold out.
A．TastedB．Being tastedC．TastingD．Having tasted
33．The culture and customs of America are very much like of England.
A．thatB．whatC．whichD．those
34．The plan just because people were unwilling to co-operate（合作）.
A．broke downB．pulled downC．turned downD．put down
35．In Switzerland,six miles west of Geneva, a collection of laboratory buildings.
A．lieB．are lyingC．liesD．lays
第二节：完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36-55各题所给的A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出最佳选项。
I take the firm position that parents do not owe their children a   36  education.If they can
  37  it,they can  38  send them to the best universities.But they must not feel guilty if they can't .If the children really want to go,they'll find a   39 .There are plenty of loans（货款）and scholarships for the bright and   40  ones who can't afford to pay.
When children grow up and want to  41 ,their parents do not owe them a down payment on a house.They do not have the   42  to baby-sit their grandchildren.If they want to do it,it must be considered a   43  not an obligation（责任，义务）.
Do parents owe their children anything?Yes,they owe them a great deal.
One of their obligations is to give their children a personal   44  .A child who is constantly made to feel stupid and unworthy,constantly  45  to brighter brothers,sisters,or cousins will become so   46 ,so afraid of failing that he（or she）won't try at all.Of course they should be 47 corrected when they do wrong,but it's often better to let children learn their mistakes by themselves
  48  .All our parents should do is to trust them,respect them,tolerate（宽容）them and give them chances to try and fail.They must learn to stand   49  .When criticisms（批评）are really needed,they should be  50 with praises,with a smile and a kiss.That is the way children learn.
Parents owe their children a set of solid values around  51 to build their lives.This means teaching them to  52 the rights and opinions of others;it means being respectful to elders,to teachers,and to the law.The best way to teach such values is by  53  .A child who is lied to will lie.A child who sees no laughter and no love in the home will have   54  laughing and loving.
No child asks to be  55  .If you bring a life into the world,you owe the child something.
36．A．collegeB．formalC．usualD．foreign
37．A．findB．getC．affordD．receive
38．A．graduallyB．certainlyC．hardlyD．finally
39．A．supplyB．helpC．handD．way
40．A．handsomeB．honestC．eagerD．wealthy
41．A．get marriedB．get a jobC．go abroadD．live alone
42．A．timeB．rightC．dutyD．energy
43．A．favorB．pleasureC．habitD．service
44．A．worth B．affairC．beliefD．respect
45．A．broughtB．comparedC．forcedD．taken
46．A．unsureB．unusualC．unknownD．unfair
47．A．properlyB．gentlyC．nearlyD．possibly
48．A．now and thenB．in timeC．at onceD．right now
49．A．failureB．honorC．progressD．test
50．A．mixedB．satisfiedC．sharedD．balanced
51．A．itB．whichC．whomD．what
52．A．considerB．refuseC．respectD．know
53．A．exampleB．timeC．wordD．deed
54．A．pleasureB．difficultyC．funD．freedom
55．A．praisedB．aloneC．bornD．poor
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下列短文，然后从各题所给的A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出最佳选项。
A
Yong liang,two years old,is the first giant panda raised from birth in the zoo.Last month zoo keepers found the panda was suffering from serious anemia（贫血）,calling for urgent blood transfusion.
The best way,according to the zoo's experts,to save Yong Liang from anemia would have been to transfuse blood from another panda.But it was the breeding season for giant pandas,making such a transfusion very difficult.
But the experts found that there exits a close consanguinity（血缘）between giant pandas and black bears,and so they decided to try to take blood from black bears in the zoo and transfuse it to Yong Liang.
With the help of hospitals and the Beijing Blood Donor Station,they made an experiment which proved that the red blood cells in the blood of black bears can be used.
On the afternoon of February 15th,the first red blood cell transfusion was given to the giant panda,from 600 ml of black bear blood.Immediately the youn panda started to recover.
56．Which of the following is Not true to the article.
A．Giant pandas and black bears are of the same race.
B．The transfusion was based on scientific research and experiments.
C．After the transfusion,the young panda began to regain health.
D．The 2-year-old panda was probably born in the Beijing zoo.
57．They decided to try another way to save the panda because  .
A．it was difficult to find other pandas.
B．the blood of pandas was too expensive
C．it was the breeding season for the panda,Yong Liang
D．other pandas were producing young at that time
58．The best title of the article should be  .
A．Protecting Giant PandasB．Yong Ling-A Giant Panda
C．Bear Blood Saved PandaD．A Successful Transfusion
B
As the world watched the twin towers of the World Trade Center come under attack,a common phrase was repeated:"It looks like a movie."
But this time there was no superman to save the people or the famous building.The attack destroyed one of the world's highest skyscrapers and left 5,000 people dead or missing.
Movie fans have become used to such events after years of Hollywood films showing disasters,terrorism and danger,The Empire State Building,the White House,New York Gity and even the American president himself have all been threatened（威胁）by terrorist attacks in these exciting films.
The film"True Lies",released in 1994 is considered to be a good example of this kind of movie.The special effects,including explosions and missiles,make the action look like a real thing.
"Independence Day"in 1996 took this type of movie one step further by blowing up the White House.This science fiction（科幻）movie is about a war between human beings and aliens from another planet.It the movie,the World Trade Center towers are destroyed.
Violence has become a major part of Hollywood movies.And this is what people enjoy.Soon after the attacks,many famous film companies stopped the planned releases of some of their new movies,especially if their films showed terrorist attacks or plane crashes."Swordfish"was top of the American box office in June.But the movie's story was frighteningly similar to the Sept.11 disaster.The film would have been stopped in American and British cinemas after the attack.
But it's unlikely that Hollywood will stay quiet for long.It is already waiting for the feeling in America to calm down.
59．What is the main subject of the newspaper article?
A．The relationship between the Sept.11 attack and Hollywood films.
B．The effect of the Sept.11 attack on Hollywood films
C．The response Hollywood made to the Sept.11 attack.
D．The result of Hollywood films showing violence and disasters.
60．Which of the following is true?
A．Hollywood made a lot of money out of the film"Swordfish"in June.
B．Hollywood stopped making films showing terrorism and disasters after the Sept.11 attack.
C．"Swordfish"was not allowed to be shown after the Sept.11 attack.
D．The World Trade Center was destroyed because no superman came to save it.
61．From this article we know that  .
A．Hollywood is a film making center making films of violence and disasters
B．too many Hollywood films showing terrorism and disasters resulted in the Sept.11 attack
C．people who were used to the Hollywood films were not shocked at the Sept.11 attack.
D．in fact,the Sept.11 attack had nothing to do with Hollywood films
C
Without most people realizing it,there has been revolution in office work over the last ten years.Before that time,large computers were only used by large rich companies that could afford the investment.With the advancement of technology,small computers have come onto the market which are capable of doing the work which used to be done by much larger and expensive computers,so now most smaller companies can use them.
The main development in small computers has been in the field of word processors,or WPS as they are often called.40% of British offices are now estimated to have a word processor and this percentage is growing fast.
There are many advantages in using a word processor for both secretary and manager.The secretary is freed from a lot of daily work,such as re-typing letters and storing papers.He or she can use this time to do other more interesting work for the boss.From a manager's point of view,secretarial time is being made better use of and money can be saved by doing daily jobs automatically outside office hours.
But is it all good ?If a lot of daily secretarial work can be done automatically,surely this will mean that fewer secretaries will be needed .Another worry is the increasing medical problems related to work with visual display units（显示器）.The case of a slow loss of sight among people using word processors seems to have risen greatly.It is also feared that if a woman works at a VDU for long hours,the unborn child in her body might be killed.Safety screens to put over a VDU have been invented but few companies in England bother to buy them.
Whatever the arguments for and against word processors,they are a key feature of this revolution in office practice.
62．Ten years ago,large computers were only used by large companies because .
A．small companies did not have enough money to buy such expensive computers
B．large computers could not do the work that small companies can do today
C．large computers did not come onto the market
D．small companies did not need to use this new technology
63．According to the writer,the main progress made in office work over the last ten years is    .
A．the saving of time and moneyB．the use of computers in big companies.
C．the wide use of word processorsD．the decreasing number of secretaries
64．We can infer from the passage that with the use of word processors .
A．some secretaries will lose their jobs
B．daily jobs can be done automatically outside office hours
C．medical problems related to work with a VDU have increased
D．the British companies will make less noney
65．Which of the following statements is Not true?
A．There are both advantages and disadvantages in using a word processor.
B．The British companies care much for the health of the people using word processors.
C．The technology in the field of computers has been greatly advanced over the last ten years.
D．Using word processors,secretaries can get more time to do more interesting work for their bosses.
66．From the passage we can draw the conclusion that  .
A．safety screens are of poor quality
B．working at VDU for a long time is good for one's health
C．more and more people in British offices will use word processors
D．British companies will need fewer and fewer managers
D
Have you ever wondered what a Degree might be worth to you in your job or career?It means a lot-Americans with an Associate Degree average nearly $ 10,000 more in yearly earnings than those with just a High School Diploma（证书）.
Harcourt Learning Direct（HLD）offers you a way to get a Specialized Associate in 11 of today's fields-without having to go to college full time.With Harcourt,you study at home,in your spare time-so you don't have to give up your present job while you train for a better one.Choose from exciting majors like Business Management,Accounting,Dressmaking & Design,Bookkeeping,Photography,Computer Science,Engineering,and more!
Your training includes everything you need!
Books,lessons,learning aids-even professional-quality tools and equipment-everything you
need to master your training and move ahead to a new career is included in the low tuition（学费）
Price you pay.
Nearly 2,000 American companies-including General Electric,IBM,Mobil,General Motors,Ford,and many others-have used our training for their employees.If companies like these recognize the value of our training,you can be sure that employers in your area will,too!
Earning your degree in as little as two years!Get a career diploma in just six months!
The career of your dreams in closer than you think!Even if you have no experience before,you
can get valuable job skills in today's hottest fields! Step-by-step lessons make learning easy.Prepare
for promotion,pay raises,even start a business of your own!
Send today for FREE information about Harcourt at-home training!
Simply fill your name and address on the coupon（登记表）above.Then,write, in the new name and number of the one program you're interested in,and mail it today.We'll rush your free information about how you can take advantage of the chances in the field you have chosen.Act today!
Mail coupon today!
Or call the number below 1-800-372-1589 Call anytime,24 hours a day,7 days a week.
www・harcourt-learning・com
E-mail:Harcourt@learning・Com
67．What kind of people will probably answer this advertisement?
A．College students preparing to work in some big companies.
B．College students preparing to study for a degree.
C．Hight school graduates preparing to have at-home training.
D．Hight school graduates preparing for college entrance examinations.
68．People can get a Specialized Associate Degree by  .
A．doing full-time learning at schoolB．working in some big famous sompanies
C．studying in their spare timeD．studying abroad for two years
69．How can you contact Harcourt Learning Direct?
A．By sending an E-mailB．By visiting the office on weekdays.
C．By making a call on weekdays only.D．By sending a letter not later than today.
E
Jack used to curse（咒骂）the front yard as if it were a living thing,He was the man who lived with my grandmother for thirty years.He was not my grandfather,but an Italian who came down the road one day,selling fruit in Florida.
Jack stopped at my grandmother's house to sell her some oranges just a stone's throw from downtown Miami,and he was delivering her whiskey a week later.He stayed for thirty years.Jack hated the front yard because he thought it was against him.There had been a beautiful lawn（草坪）there when Jack came along,but he let it wander off into nothing .He refused to water it or take care of it in any way.
Now the ground was so hard that it gave his car flat tires （轮胎）in the summer.The yard was always finding a nail to put in one of his tires or the car was always sinking out of sight in the winter when the rains came on.
The lawn had belonged to my grandfather,who lived out the end of his life in an insane hospital.It had been his pride and joy and was said to be the place where his powers came.
70．It can be inferred that the real reason Jack had problems with the yard was that  .
A．he didn't like the lawn.
B．the author's grandfather was against Jack working on the lawn
C．the lawn was full of living things
D．he himself did not take care of the lawn
71．We can learn from the passage that when the lawn belonged to the author's grandfather,it had
been    .
A．beautifulB．worn out
C．wastedD．full of nails
72．What do we know about Jack and the author's grandfather?
A．They both hated the front lawn.
B．Jack was jealous of the author's grandfather.
C．They sold fruit in Florida.
D．They came from Italy and lived together.
F
Have you ever been afraid to talk back when you were treated unfairly?Have you ever bought something just because the salesman talked you into it?Are you afraid to ask a boy（girl）for a date？
Many people are afraid to assert themselves（insist upon their own rights）.Dr Robert Alberti,author of"Stand Up,Speak Out,and Talk Back",thinks it's because their self-esteem（自尊）is low. "Our whole set-up makes people doubt themselves,"says Alberity."There's always a 'superior'around-a parent,a teacher,a boss-who'knows better'.These'superiors'gain when they destroy your self-esteem."
But Alberti and other scientists are doing something to help people to assert themselves.They offer "assertiveness training"courses（AT）.In the AT courses people learn that they have a right to be themselves.They learn to speak out and feel good about doing so.They learn to be aggressive（敢闯，闯劲儿）without hurting other people.
In one way,learning to speak out is to overcome fear.A group taking an AT course will help the timid person to lose his fear.But AT uses an even stronger motive-the need to share.The timid person speaks out in the group because he wants to tell how he feels .AT says you can get to feel good about yourself.And once you do,you can learn to speak out.-
73．In the passage,the writer talks about the problem that    .
A．some people are too easy-going
B．some people are too timid
C．there are too many superiors around us
D．some people dare not stick up for their own rights
74．The effect of our set-up on people is often to   .
A．make them distrust their own judgment
B．make things more favorable for them
C．keep them from speaking out as much as their superiors do
D．help them to learn to speak up for their rights
75．One thing AT doesn't do is to     .
A．use the need of people to share
B．show people they have the right to be themselves
C．help people to be aggressive at anytime even when others suffer
D．help people overcome fear
第二卷（共35分）
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题，每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上画一勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
Here are two types of cars may some day take1. .
place of today's big cars.If everyone drives such2. .
cars in the future,there will be fewer pollution in3. .
the air.There will also be more space for parking4. .
cars in cities,and the street will be less crowded.5. .
Three such cars can be fit in the space now needed6. .
by one car of the usually size.The little cars will cost7. .
much less to own and drive.Drive will be safer,too,8. .
thought these little cars can go only 65 kilometers per9. .
hour.But it will not be of any use for long trips.10.    .
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
你校（十四中学）在星期五下午3：30安排了滨海大学的外籍教授Mr.Smith作题为《Taskbased Learning》的英语讲座。你想邀请你的好友王强来参加，因为他对英语学习很有兴趣。请根据下面的示意图给他发一个E-mail告诉他讲座内容，时间及如何乘车到你校。（开头和结尾都已经给出）。词数：100词左右。

Dear Wang Qiang,
I have some good news to tell you.We will invite a professor named Smith from BinHai University to
I'll be expecting you at 3:10 at our school gate.Don't be late.
Yours
Li Gang


高三英语参考答案及评分标准

第一卷（共115分）
第一部分：（每小题1.5分，共30分）
1-10 C A B C B B B C A C   11-20 C B C B C B A A B C
第二部分：
第一节（每小题1分，共15分）
21-30 A C B C A  D B D A D    31-35 A C D A C
第二节（每小题1.5分，共30分）
36-45 A C B D C A C A A B  46-55 A A B A D B C D B C
第三部分：（每小题2分，共40分）
56-65 A D C B A  D A C A B    66-75 C C C A D A B D A C
第二卷（共35分）
第四部分
Here are two types of cars∧ may some day take1. that(which).
∧place of today's big cars.If everyone drives such2.   the    .
cars in the future,there will be fewer pollution in3.   less   .
the air.There will also be more space for parking4.    √   .
cars in cities,and the street will be less crowded.5. streets   .
Three such cars can be fit in the space now needed6.   be    .
by one car of the usually size.The little cars will cost7.   usual  .
much less to own and drive.Drive will be safer,too,8.  Driving .
thought these little cars can go only 65 kilometers per9. as(because).
hour.But it will not be of any use for long trips.10.  they   .
第二节：（满分25分）
（One possible Version）
Dear Wang Qiang,
I have some good news to tell you.We will invite a professor named Smith from BinHai University to give us an English lecture.The subject of the lecture is <Task-based Learning>.The lecture will be given at 3:30 on Friday afternoon.Now I'll tell you how to get to our school by bus.You can take a No.44 bus just on the left side of your home and get off at Ning Jing Road.When you get off,go across the street and take a No.12 bus and then get off at the terminus.Go forward and turn left at the first crossing to Peace Road.Go along the road and you will see a MacDonald's on your right and my school is just next to it.
I'll be expecting you at 3:10 at our school gate.Don't be late.
Yours.
Li Gang

一、评分原则：
1．本题总分为25分，按5个档次给分。
2．评分时，先根据文章的内容和语言初步确定其分数档次，然后以该档次的要求来衡
量，确定或调整档次，最后给分。
3．评分时，应注意的主要内容为：内容要点、应用词汇和语法结构的数量和准确性、
上下文的连贯性及语言的得体性。
  4．拼写与标点符号是语言准确性的一个方面，评分时，应视其对语言表达的影响程度
予以考虑。
二、内容要点：
1．告诉王强讲座的内容及时间。
2．在他家左面乘44路车。
3．44路车行至宁静路下车。
4．换乘12路公共汽车行至终点站下车。
5．下车后向前走，到路口向右拐，进入和平街。
6．继续向前走到麦当劳，你校在麦当劳的旁边。
三、各个档次的给分范围和要求，请参考综合练习一。
四、说明
1．内容要点可用不同方式表达。
2．对紧扣主题的适当发挥不予扣分。
附听力材料
第一节
Text 1
M:Excuse me,I'd like to send some flowers to my friends.
W:Let's see these fresh carnations are very nice.
Text 2
M:Jack says that he likes dancing.
W:But he doesn't do it often,does he?
Text 3
M:How many years of science did you have in high school?
W:I had one year each of biology and chemistry.I wish I had had more.
Text 4
M:The snow is really coming down,isn't it?
W:Hardly do we have so much snow in December.
Text 5
M:Hello,could you please tell me if the library will be open on Saturday evening?
W:Hold the line please.I'll find it out.
第二节
Text 6
M:When did you say the plane would arrive?
W:At a quarter past 2,very shortly in fact.
M:Do you think you can recognize Carl when you see him?
W:Not sure.I haven't seen him since he was 16.Time flies.Now 9 years have passed.
Text 7
W:What did you do today?
M:First we had a swim and then we went to Mrs.Black's home and helped her cook some food for a picnic.
W:Is Mrs.Black a good cook?
M:Yes,she is a good cook and she is also very friendly.We didn't feel like guests.We felt members of the family.
W:Where did you have your picnic?
M:Oh,that's fun.We went out in a boat to an island.
W:Oh,you had your picnic on an island,didn't you?
M:That's right.It was great.The sun was hot and the water was warm.What a day!
W:It sounds like a good day.Did everyone enjoy it,too?
M:Oh,yes,we all enjoyed it very much.
Text 8
M:Good afternoon.I believe this house is for sale.
W:That's right.
M:May I have a look at it ,please?
W:Yes,of course.Let me show you around it.
M:How long have you lived here?
W:I've lived here since my son was born,and he's 30.
M:Oh,that's quite a long time.Then why do you want to sell it?
W:I've just retired.I want to buy a small house in the country.It's quiet and the air is fresh there.
M:How much do you want for it?
W:$150,000.
M:That's a lot of money.Can you bring it down?
W:I'm sorry but I think it's worth the price.
M:Well,I like the house but I can't decide yet.My wife must see it first.
W:Women always have the last word.
Text 9
M:Are you feeling OK,Jane?You look very tired.
W:My sister had a birthday party for my brother last night.I didn't get much sleep.
M:Where did you have the party?
W:It was at my aunt's house.Then right after the party I had to start typing the history paper.I had to hand it in first thing this morning.The professor said that he wouldn't accept any late papers.
M:I just can't imagine how you did it.
W:Well,I just turned the paper in.And now I'm going home for some sleep.See you later.
Text 10
In the past 20 years,scientists have learnt a great deal about sleep and dreams.They have discovered that sleep and dreams affect the way people feel.A good night's sleep generally makes a person happier in the morning.However,who appears in a dream is more important than what happens.
Every person has a special dream character.If the special character appears in dreams,people are happier after sleeping.The moods of people affect their performance throughout the day.The less sleepy the people are ,the better they perform,and usually they are more friendly and more clear thinking.