试卷类型：A
2003年高考英语仿真试题
本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至10页，第二卷11至12页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑，如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束后，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。
第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
做题时，先将答案划在试卷上。录音内容结束后，你将有两分钟的时间将试卷上的答案转涂到答题卡上。
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。
1.Where does the conversation take place?
A.In a hotel. B.In a department store. C.At a railway station.
2.What's the relationship between the two speakers?
A.Friends.   B.Strangers. C.Classmates.
3.Why didn't Alice go to bed until late at night?
A.She was doing her housework.
B.She was working hard at her lessons.
C.She was watching TV.
4.What are the two speakers doing?
A.Talking about going to the Xinhua bookstore.
B.Talking about seeing the woman's uncle.
C.Talking about what to do after work.
5.What does the man intend to do?
A.To buy a coat.  B.To try on a new coat.C.To lend money to the woman.
第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面5段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各个小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。
听第6段材料，回答第6～8题。
6.What are the man and the woman talking about?
A.A film.  B.A real story.  C.A ghost story.
7.What's the first name of the man they are talking about?
A.Tim.    B.Tom.    C.Smith.
8.Why didn't the man return home after the war?
A.He had been wounded in the war.
B.The man hasn't told the woman yet.
C.He had to sell newspapers at the railway station.
听第7段材料，回答第9～11题。
9.Where are the man and the woman going?
A.To the bus station. B.To the police station.C.To the railway station.
10.What does the woman think they should do?
A.Take a taxi.  B.Walk slowly. C.Leave the bags with the police.
11.What does the man find out at last?
A.Fifteen minutes is too long.
B.The traffic is moving too slowly.
C.He is not able to carry both bags.
听第8段材料，回答第12～14题。
12.What is NOT true about the man?
A.Water is running out from his leg.
B.He can not breathe well after a walk.
C.He hasn't been sleeping well because of the pain in his leg.
13.What has caused the trouble?
A.The woman doesn't know yet.
B.He was burnt by boiling water.
C.He has tired himself out in his work.
14.What's the woman's name?
A.Doctor Cook.   B.Doctor Martin.   C.The conversation doesn't tell us.
听第9段材料，回答第15～17题。
15.What did the man put up on his wall yesterday?
A.The picture he drew on his vacation.
B.The picture he took.
C.His picture taken last year.
16.What doesn't the man like?
A.The pictures prepared for the camera.
B.The daily life pictures.
C.The pictures taken by others.
17.How many cameras does the man use a lot?
A.Many.   B.Twelve.C.Two.
听第10段材料，回答第18～20题。
18.Who was Phil?
A.My friend.    B.A traveller.  C.A businessman.
19.What did the man want to know?
A.He wanted to know where they were.
B.He wanted to know what was in the sky.
C.He wanted to know why the sky was strange.
20.Why didn't Phil tell him?
A.Because he had drunk too much.
B.Because he was in a strange town.
C.Because he didn't see anything in the sky.
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节：单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、 D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
21.-
-Oh,what a nice house!
-I'm glad you like it.Let me show you around it first.
A.Let's drive to my house.
B.Here we are.
C.Would you like to see my house?
D.My house is behind the hill.
22.At midnight they reached  small village    east of Everwhite Mountain.
A.a;/;the  B.a;/;/C.the;the;the    D.the;an;an
23.You can hardly imagine the difficulty the woman had  her children.
A.brought up   B.to bring up   C.bringing up   D.to have brought up
24.My hometown is no longer the place  it used to be.
A.what   B.thatC.which  D.where
25.Franklin learning printer's trade at an early age.
A.set off  B.set out C.set aboutD.set up
26.The experiment ended in failure  the lack of money.
A.as  B.byC.for D.with
27. he said he wasn't hungry,he ate a big breakfast.
A.Even   B.Unless C.Inspite D.Although
28.The idea for the new machine came to Mr Baker to his invention recently.
A.while devoting    B.while devoting himself
C.while he was devoted    D.while devoted
29.- are you trying to prove to the police?
-Where I was last night.
A.What  B.Why  C.How   D.When
30.-How much did the owner of the hotel for the room one night?
-20 dollars.
A.take   B.spend  C.offer   D.charge
31.The new law will come into on the day it is passed.
A.effect  B.useC.service D.existence
32.My money .Could you please lend me some?
A.has run out of B.has run out  C.was run out ofD.has been run out
33.-Why didn't you go to the cinema yesterday?
-I ,but my wife returned from France the moment I was leaving.
A.was going to B.would  C.didD.had
34.-My goodness!We have missed the flight.
-We it,but we were caught in the traffic jam.
A.could have caught  B.ought to catch
C.might catch  D.must have caught
35.The pigs on the corn do not weigh so much as on rice.
A.feed;those   B.fed;thoseC.fed;that    D.feeding;ones
第二节：完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36～55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
There are about fifteen hundred languages in the world.
But  36  a few of them are very  37 .English is one of these.Many,many people use it,not only in England and the U.S.A,but in other parts of the world.About 200,000,000 speak it as their own language.It is difficult to say how many people are learning it as a  38  language.Many millions are  39  to do so.
Is it easy or difficult to learn English?Different people may have different  40 .Have you ever  41  the ads of this kind in the newspapers or magazines?
"Learn English in six month,or your  42  back …""Easy and funny?Our records and tapes  43  you master your English in a month.  44  the first day your   45  will be excellent.Just send …" Of course,it never  46  quite like this.
The only language that seems easy to learn is the mother tongue.We should  47  that we all learned our own language well when we were  48  .If we could learn English in the same way,it would not seem so difficult.  49  what a small child does.He listens to what people say.He tries what he hears.When he is using the language,talking in it,and   50  in it all the time,just imagine how much  51  that gets!
So it is  52  to say that learning English is easy,because a good command of English  53
upon a lot of practice.And practice needs great effort and  54  much time.Good teachers,records,tapes,books,and dictionaries will  55  .But they cannot do the student's work for him.
36.A.not  B.quite C.onlyD.very
37.A.difficult   B.important   C.necessary    D.easy
38.A.nativeB.foreign    C.useful   D.mother
39.A.learning   B.enjoying   C.trying   D.liking
40.A.questions  B.problems  C.ideas D.answers
41.A.foundB.watched   C.noticed   D.known
42.A.knowledge B.time C.money   D.English
43.A.makeB.help  C.let  D.allow
44.A.FromB.On   C.Since   D.After
45.A.spelling   B.grammar   C.English D.pronunciation
46.A.happened  B.knowC.seemed  D.felt
47.A.knowB.remember  C.understand    D.think
48.A.students   B.children    C.babies  D.grown ups
49.A.Imagine   B.Mind C.Do D.Think of
50.A.usingB.thinking    C.trying  D.practising
51.A.time B.moneyC.languageD.practice
52.A.hard B.easy  C.funny  D.silly
53.A.depends   B.tries  C.hasD.takes
54.A.uses B.takes C.getsD.costs
55.A.do  B.work  C.help   D.master
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题，每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下列短文，从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
In America,drivers' education is part of the regular high school curriculum.Every student in his or her second year of high school is required to take a class in driver's education.However,
unlike other courses,it is not given during the regular school year.Instead it is a summer course.
The course is divided up into two parts:class time for learning laws and regulations and driving time to practise driving.Class time is not unlike any other class.The students have a text from which they study the basic laws they must know to pass the written driving test that is given to anyone wanting to get a driver's license.
Driving time is a chance for the students to get behind the wheel (steering wheel) and practise starting steering,backing up,parking,switching lanes,turning corners,and all the other maneuvers (操作) required to drive a car.Each student is required to drive a total of six hours.The students are divided up into groups of four.The students and the instructor go out driving for two hour blocks of time.Thus,each student gets half an hour driving time per outing.The instructor and "driver" sit in the front seats and the other three students sit in the back.
Drivers Ed cars are unlike other cars in which they have two sets of brakes,one on the driver's side and one on the other side where the instructor sits.Thus,if the student driver should run into difficulties the instructor can take over.The car also has another special feature.On the top of the car is a sign that reads:STUDENT DRIVER.That lets nearby drivers know that they should use extra caution(小心) because the student driver is a beginning driver,not very experenced and prone to driving slowly.
After the student has passed the driver's education course and reached the appropriate age to drive(this age differs in every state but in most cases the person must be 16 years old),they can go to a designated state office to take their driver's test,which is made up of an eye examination,a written test,and a road test.The person must pass all three tests in order to be given a driver's license.If the person did well in his or her driver's education class,he or she will pass the test with flying colors  and get a driver's license.
56.In America,the driver's course mentioned above .
A.is considered as part of the advanced education
B.is given to anyone wanting to get a driver's license
C.is carried on at the same time as other courses
D.is offered to all the students of Grade 2 in high schools
57.To prevent accidents,a drivers Ed car .
A.has a sign inside it    B.has two sets of brakes
C.is big enough to hold five persons D.can't run very fast
58.We can infer that the students are required to  in their whole driving practice.
A.go out driving for tweleve times   B.spend at least six hours driving
C.drive for two hour blocks of timeD.get half an hour driving
59.Which of the following does not agree with the requirements for the students wanting to get their driver's license?
A.They must be 16 years of age.
B.They should go to have their driver's test.
C.They must have their eyes examined.
D.They ought to do well in their driver's course.
60.In the last sentence,"with flying colors" means .
A.happily   B.successfully   C.colorfully   D.quickly
B
Greenspace facilities (设施) are contributing to an important degree to the quality of the city environment.Fortunately it is no longer necessary that every lecture or every book about this subject has to start with the proof of this idea.At present it is generally accepted,although more as a self proved statement than on the base of a closely reasoned scientific proof.Recognizing the importance of greenspaces in the city environment is a first step on the right way,this does not mean,however,that enough details are known about the functions of greenspace in towns and about the way in which people are using these spaces.As to this subject I shall within the scope of this lecture,enter into one aspect(方面) only,namely the recreative function of greenspace facilities.
The theoretical separation of living,working,traffic and recreation which for many years has been used in town and country planning,has in my opinion resulted in more attention for forms of recreation far from home,while there was relatively little attention for improvement of recreative possibilities in the direct neighbourhood of the home.We have come to the conclusion that this is not right,because an important part of the time which we do not pass in sleeping or working,is used for activities at and around home.So it is obvious that recreation in the open air has to begin at the street door of the house.The city environment has to offer as many recreation activities as possible,and the design of these has to be such that more required activities can also have recreative aspect.
The very best standard of living is nothing if it is not possible to take a pleasant walk in the district,if the children cannot be allowed to play in the streets because the risks of traffic are too great,if during shopping you can nowhere find a spot for enjoying for a moment the nice weather,in short,if you only feel yourself at home after the street door of your house is closed after you.
61.The importance of greenspaces in the city environment .
A.has been recognized
B.is paid little attention to
C.is accepted on the base of scientific proof
D.is still unknown
62.For many years town and country planning has .
A.brought living areas and places of entertainment close together
B.separated recreation facilities far from home
C.improved recreative possibilities in the neighbourhood
D.enabled people to reach the best standard of living
63.According to the author,greenspaces should be designed .
A.to reduce the number of recreative activities
B.to attract more and more people
C.for people to use more conveniently
D.for people to do recreative activities at the street door of the house
64.The main idea of this passage is that .
A.attention must be paid to the improvement of recreation
B.greenspace facilities should be used better to improve the quality of life
C.the city environment is providing more recreative activites
D.we should try our best to raise our living standard
C
This is time of year when we think about giving and receiving presents.Can you find a little extra to give?On this page we suggest a few organizations you might like to help.
Littleton Children's Home
We don't want your money,but children's toys,books and clothes in good condition would be very welcome.
Also - we are looking for friendly families who would take our children into their homes for a few hours or days as guests.You have so much-will you share it?
Phone Sister Thomas on 55671.
Children's Hospice
We look after a small number of very sick children.This important work needs skill and love.We cannot continue without gifts of money to pay for more nursing staff.We also need story books and toys suitable for quiet games.
Please contact The Secretary,Little Children's Hospice,Newby Road.
Street Food
In the winter weather,it's no fun being homeless.It's even worse if you're hungry.We give hot food to at least fifty people every night.It's hard work,but necessary.Can you come and help?If not,can you find a little money?We use a very old kitchen,and we urgently need some new saucepans.Money for new ones would be most welcome indeed.
Contact Street Food,c/o Mary's House,Elming Way.Littleton Phone 27713.
Littleton Youth Club
Have you got an unwanted chair?-a record player?-a pot of paint?
Because we can use them!
We want to get to work on our meeting room!
Please phone 66231 and we'll be happy to collect anything you can give us.
Thank you!
The Night Shelter
We offer a warm bed for the night to anyone who has nowhere to go.We rent the former Comercial Hotel on Green Street.Although it is not expensive,we never seem to have quite enough money.Can you let us have a few pounds?Any amount,however small,will be such a help.
Send it to us at 15,Green St,Littleton.Please make check payable to Night Shelter.
65.Reading the passage,you might like to help these organizations which work for   .
A.homeless and sick children
B.less fortunate members of our society
C.hungry people who have no beds to sleep in
D.friendly members of our society to help others
66.If you like children and you could offer a happy family to a homeless child,you may go to .
A.Street Food    B.Night Sheleter
C.Children's HomeD.Children's Hospice
67.We can infer that .
A.there are too many social problems in this country
B.people are very poor during the time for giving
C.warm hearted people like to give away money
D.this passage is taken from a local newspaper
68.If you want to help but you have no extra to give,you may dial and offer your help.
A.27713   B.55671   C.62735   D.66231
69.If your child has grown up,you may take the child's things to .
A.Children's Home and Children's Hospice
B.Youth Club and Children's Home
C.Children's Hospice and Night Shelter
D.Youth Club and Night Sheltter
D
This is a true story.Rex White knows too many seamen's stories to want to add to them.Besides,this happened on land.It happened in Lytham,a town on the River Ribble,near to the place where the river flows into the Irish Sea.The shape of the trees along the Lytham beach road is proof of the great strength of the wind which comes in off the sea.It blows hard across the grass,the car-parks and the open road beside the river,and there is nothing to stop it.Rex White was a ship's pilot.It was his job to guide ships up the river,between banks of sand,into the port of Preston.Mr White lived in a village some kilometers from the coast,so he had to drive to Lytham and leave his car in one of the car-parks beside the river.Then he used to row out to the pilot boat,and await the particular ship that it was his duty to guide.
Early one morning,Mr White returned to Lytham from a night on duty,to find that he could not start his car.He had driven from his village the evening before,and had left his car in the car-park as usual.He had rowed out to the pilot boat,and gone on board the S.S.Kilkenny,which was on her way from Ireland.Then,in the early hours of the following morning,he had returned to Lytham in the pilot boat,expecting to drive home to a cup of hot chocolate and a warm bed.But no matter what he did,he could not get the engine to sart.
It was a cold and windy night;there was no one about,and here was no garage open to which he could turn for help.He was just about to give up,and spend the rest of the night on the back seat of the car,when he had a bright idea.He pushed his car round so that it was facing in the direction of the wind,opened all four doors,pushed it along a short way,and then jumped in.The doors acted like sails,and in no time the wind had taken him right out of the car-park,and away down the beach road.When he tried the starter-switch once more,the engine roared to life immediately.All he had to do then was to stop the car and shut the doors.
He went to bed later than usual,but he did not go without his cup of hot chocolate.Mr White was not a seaman for nothing.
70.We can tell how strong the wind is along the beach road,by .
A.the way the river flows into the Irish Sea
B.the fact that the open road is beside the river
C.looking at the shape of the trees
D.remembering that this is a true story
71."There is nothing to stop it" means .
A.the wind always blows strongly without stopping
B.there is nothing in its way to break the force of the wind
C.there is nothing anyone can do to stop the wind blowing
D.the cars do not find it easy to stop on the open road
72.Because he did not live in Lytham,he had to .
A.drive some kilometres to work each day
B.row out some kilometres from the coast
C.travel by pilot boat from Preston to Lytham
D.work during the night and sleep during the day
E
During the fourth China Beijing High-tech Industries Week,exhibitions,feature presentations,
technological exchanges and trade talks,and other events are organized.
Exhibitions:
・China International Exhibition Centre
*Section for China's key science and technology achievements of the Ninth Five-Year Plan(1996~2000).
*Environmental protection and energy section.
*Section for exhibitiors from other provinces and municipalities(自治市) and regions of China.
・China World Trade Centre
*Exchange and Trade Fair for Science and Technology Books and Sports Information Media.
*The Trade Fair for Modern Intelligent Houses and Beijing Urban Real Estate.
・China Millenium Monument
*Forum(论坛) and Exhibition of Foreign Sci-tech Universities.
・China Agricultural Culture Centre
*High-tech Construction Products Exhibition.
Feature Presentation:
・Science and Education
*Scientists Forum on the New Century.
・High-tech Industry
*Forum on Environmental Protection.
*2001 Forum on Bio-technology on Traditional Chinese Medicine and Natural Medicine.
Technical Exchanges and Trade Talks:
・Trade talks on financial capital transformation
・Sino-Italian Forum and Trade Fair for the Development of IT and Communications Technology
73.If you want to know more about the high-tech achievements of different parts of China,you should go to.
A.	China World Trade Centre  B.China Millenium Monument
C.China International Exhibition Centre    D.China Agricultural Cultural Centre
74.These sessions mark the achievements of mankind in the fields of .
A.electronic communications,energy and education
B.sports technology,film-industry and environmental protection
C.network technology,high-tech industries and traffic
D.medicine,weather broadcast and finance
75.The advertisement is mainly about .
A.the major activities of the high-tech week
B.the time-table of high-tech week
C.the names of the meeting places
D.the topic of trade talks
高考英语仿真试题(四)
第二卷(共35分)
注意事项：
1.第二卷第11至12页，用钢笔或圆珠笔直接答在试卷上。
2.答卷前将密封线内的项目填写清楚。
题 号	第一节	第二节	总分
分 数
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节： 短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右
边横线上划一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（/）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
It was very fine while I got up early last Sunday morning.   76.
So I decided to go for a walk and took some photos in the  77.
beautiful country.After breakfast,I carried my camera with 78.
me and set off.Everything went smooth.I enjoyed my trip  79.
so much that I didn't realize the weather had been turned   80.
bad.I began to run and it was too late.I was caught   81.
by the rain and was wet through.I kept on running until    82.
I get to a bus stop.I stood there waiting a long time for the bus   83.
shivering(颤抖) with cold.Shortly before I got home,I84.
had high fever,which made me stay in bed for a whole week!    85.
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
某家国内英文报纸设有一个求助信箱(letters to Dr Helper)。请根据一份学生现状调查中列出的部分信息，以高三学生王磊的名义给Dr Helper写一封英语短信。
学生现状	负担过重的原因
每日在校时间	9小时	考试压力大作业多家长期望高
每日作业时间	3~4小时
每日课外活动时间	几乎没有
每日睡眠时间	不足
注意：1.写信内容包括表中的所有信息，可适当发挥。
 2.词数：100左右。
 参考生词：过重负担：overload；压力：pressure；期望：expectations

2003年高考英语仿真试题(四)答案

1~5 ABBCA   6~10 BABCA 11~15 CAACB 16~20 ACCBA
21~25 BACBC 26~30 CDCAD31~35 ABAAB 36~40 CBBCD
41~45 CCBAD 46~50 ABBDB51~55 DAABC 56~60 DBAAB
61~65 ABCBB 66~70 CDAAC71~75 BACAA
76.while→when  77.took→take  78.√79.smooth→smoothly80.去掉been
81.and→but82.by→in83.get→got84.before→after85.had后加a
One possible version:
Dear Doctor Helper,
I am a senior student.I am now in great need of your help because I can hardly stand the great pressure.
Every day I have to stay at school for nine hours to have lessons and spend at least three to four hours doing my homework at home.We teenagers are eager to play and enjoy ourselves,but we hardly have any time to do what we want.Besides,we don't even have enough sleep.
There seem to be three cases about the overload:the pressure of examinations,too much homework and high expectations from the parents.We are often warned tha if we don't do our best we won't have the chance to go to university.The pressure often makes me awake at night.
I write this letter only to wish I could have someone to talk to.I'm looking forward to your advice.
Yours sincerely,
Wang Lei
听力部分录音稿
第一节
(Text 1)
M:I'm leaving for Beijing tonight.I want to check out.Will you please have the bill ready for me?
W:OK.Wait a minute.Here you are.
(Text 2)
M:Excuse me.Can you tell me the way to the May Square?
W:Oh,it's far from here.You may get there by taxi.
(Text 3)
M:Hello,Alice.You look tired today.
W:Yes,I stayed up too late last night.I was doing my homework and forgot the time.
(Text 4)
M:How about going to the Xinhua bookstore after work?
W:Sorry,I have to see my uncle.He is in hospital now.
(Text 5)
M:I'd like to have that coat.But I haven't got enough money.
W:Shall I lend you some?
第二节
(Text 6)
M:Do you know Tom?
W:Tom what?
M:Tom Smith.
W:No.But I know a Tim Smith.
M:Oh,yes,you are right.It was Tim Smith I meant.You know what happened to him the other day?
W:No,what happened then?
M:Well,he told me he saw his dead grandfather in London.
W:Oh,come on.You are not telling a ghost story,are you?
M:But he told me it was true.You see,his grandfather used to be an army officer during the war.And because he didn't return home after the war,everybody thought he had been killed in the war.
W:But then,he suddenly appeared alive,like in those films.
M:Exactly.Tom,oh no,Tim,told me that by chance he saw an old man at the railway station selling newspapers.And he was surprised to see someone like his great grandfather in a picture he had seen.So naturally he went to the man and asked him whether his name was Smith.And the man,I mean,his grandfather,said yes,and after the everything just happened like a film.
W:Amazing.But why didn't the old man go back to his hometown after the war?
M:Well,that's another long story.I'll tell you later.
(Text 7)
W:Why do we have to walk to the station?And where is it?
M:It's just down that road … I think.
W:Look!There's a policeman!Ask him the way.
M:All right.I'll go and ask.
(pause for 6 seconds)
W:So,what did he say?
M:Well,we have to walk down this road,take the first turning on the left.Then walk until we come to the river and …
W:The river?
M:Yes.It's over there,and there's a bridge.Across the bridge,we will be able to see some road signs which will tell us the way.
W:But how far is it?How long does it take to walk there?
M:About fifteen minutes,if we walk quickly.
W:Fifteen minutes!We may be late for the train.And with these heavy bags,too!I think we ought to take a taxi.
M:Not at this hour.Look at the traffic.It's moving very slowly.We can get there just as quickly on foot.
W:Well,I can't possibly carry this bag any farther.
M:All right.Let me take it,then.
W:Don't be silly.You can't carry two bags at the same time.
M:Yes,I can.The bags aren't that heavy … hmm!
W:You see!They're heavier than you thought!
M:Perhaps it's not such a bad idea after all.
W:What isn't such a bad idea?What do you mean?
M:Taxi!Taxi!
(Text 8)
W:Now,Mr Martin.I've just read your own doctor's report.So you haven't been feeling very well lately?Is that right?
M:It's … it's my leg,doctor.My right leg.I keep getting a strange pain in it.
W:Could you tell me how the pain is like?
M:It's like … like boiling water running down my leg.It's been getting worse lately,too.I've been losing sleep.
W:You mean the pain's been keeping you awake?
M:Yes,that's right.It's been keeping me awake.
W:Now,tell me,how long have you had this trouble?
M:The pain?For about a year now.
W:Hmmm … Have you been getting tired lately after you have a walk?For example,have you been getting a big short of breath,perhaps?
M:Why,yes!Yes,I have,doctor!
W:Hmmm … I think we'd better give you a few tests here in hospital.
M:Do you think it's serious,doctor?
W:Probably not.
M:But … Doctor Cook,my local doctor,thinks it's only that I've been working too hard lately.
W:That could be the reason.Don't worry,we'll find out soon.
(Text 9)
W:I like that picture you put up on the wall yesterday.
M:Oh,thank you.It's a photograph that I took on my vacation last year.
W:You took it yourself?I didn't know you were a photographer.
M:Oh,yes,I've been taking pictures for years.
W:It sounds interesting.Do you have any more of your pictures here?And may I see them?
M:Yes,certainly.Some of them are faces,just faces of people whom I see when I'm walking around.
W:Do you let them know that you're taking pictures of them?
M:I try not to.I don't like pictures of people who set themselves for the camera.I like people who are going about their business without knowing the camera's there.
W:I suppose you need a lot of equipment.How many cameras do you have?
M:Well,I have a dozen of them,but I use two of them more than the others.
(Text 10)
My friend Paul told me an old joke about a travelling salesman the other day.The man's name was Phil and he used to drink a lot after work.Phil had gone to a strange town one day and had spent the evening in a small restaurant.He'd drunk quite a lot and had just come out of the restaurant when he saw another man in the middle of the road.The other man had been in the restaurant,too,and had drunk even more than Phil had.He'd obviously seen something strange in the sky because he was pointing up."Excuse me," the man asked Phil,"Is that the sun or the moon?"Phile looked at it for a second and then said,"I'm afraid I can't help you.I'm a stranger here myself."