试卷类型：A
2003年高考英语仿真试题

本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至10页，第二卷11至12页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑。如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束后，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。
第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
做题时，先将答案划在试卷上。录音内容结束后，你将有两分钟的时间将试卷上的答案转涂到答题卡上。
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。
1.What's John's address?
A.1434 King Street.   B.1344 Queen Street.   C.1343 King Street.
2.Where is the conversation probably taking place?
A.By the window. B.On the steps. C.In a post office.
3.How much should the skirt have cost?
A.24.    B.12.    C.6.
4.When is the man's birthday?
A.April 1st.      B.April 2nd.      C.April 3rd.
5.How will the woman get to New York?
A.By car.    B.By train.      C.By airplane.
第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面5段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。
听第6段材料，回答第6～8题。
6.What does the man want to do?
A.To have his shoes mended.
B.To buy a pair of new shoes.
C.To do shopping in a supermarket.
7.How far is the supermarket?
A.Two blocks away. B.Five blocks away. C.Six blocks away.
8.How will the man go to the place?
A.By bus.    B.On foot.    C.In his car.
听第7段材料，回答第9～11题。
9.What's the relationship between the two speakers?
A.Secretary and boss. B.Teacher and student. C.Doctor and patient.
10.Why was she late?
A.Her aunt called her to get up late.
B.She missed the bus.
C.She got a telephone call.
11.What can we know about the teacher?
A.He is strict with his students.	B.He is cold to his students.	C.He gets angry easily.
听第8段材料，回答第12～14题。
12.Where does the conversation take place?
A.In a company.      B.In a factory.      C.In a hospital.
13.Why can't the woman sleep well?
A.Because he had been working too hard.
B.Because she has a family problem.
C.Because she has a high fever.
14.What does the doctor suggest that the woman should do?
A.She should take some medicine.
B.She should take holidays.
C.She should change a job.
听第9段材料，回答第15～17题。
15.Where is the plant being built?
A.Far away from the town.
B.Not far away from the town.
C.North of the town.
16.What is the plant built for?
A.Producing trucks.
B.Dealing with waste paper.
C.Dealing with rubbish.
17.What can you conclude according to the dialogue?
A.How to deal with rubbish is a big problem in their town.
B.They hope that another rubbish plant will be set up in their town.
C.The plant can at least deal with 3 000 tons of rubbish every day.
听第10段材料，回答第18～20题。
18.Where exactly is Brighton?
A.15 miles from London.	B.50 miles from London.	C.50 miles from Paris.
19.What's the population of Brighton?
A.30 000.         B.130 000.    C.300 000.
20.Why are there a lot of hotels in Brighton?
A.Because there are a lot of workers.
B.Because there are a lot of students.
C.Because there are a lot of travelers.
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节：单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C 、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
21.-Who knocked at the door?
-I've no idea.I just pretended nobody was at home,so I didn't ask who ______was.
A.he    B.that      C.she      D.it
22.Apples are usually sold by ______weight,and eggs are sometimes sold by______dozen.
A.the;the      B.不填；a C.不填；the D.the;a
23.I ______violin lessons every two weeks,but I think I'll make it every week from next month.
A.am having B.have had C.have D.have been having
24.It's too late to go out now._______,it's starting to rain.
A.Besides B.Meanwhile C.However   D.Anyhow
25.If you listen to me,you ______have some candies,deary.
A.shall      B.may      C.will D.must
26.-I always look out when crossing the street.
-You're right.You cannot be too______.
A.nervous B.careful      C.hurried D.careless
27.Is it in that factory ______this type of cars are produced?
A.which      B.where      C.that D.in which
28.-Do you have anything more ______,sir?
-No.You can have a rest or do something else.
A.typing      B.to be typed C.typed D.to type
29.You should think______yourself instead of just obeying orders.
A.of    B.to    C.by      D.for
30.-I'm sorry I forgot to post the letter for you.
-______.I'll post it myself,then.
A.That's OK            B.Don't worry
C.Take it easy            D.It's too bad
31.Fortunately we had a map,without______we would have got lost.
A.which      B.it    C.that D.what
32.I always prefer starting early______leaving everything to the last minute.
A.or else      B.in case      C.rather than   D.for fear
33.When I said some students are lazy,I ______to you.
A.don't refer            B.wasn't referring
C.hasn't referred       D.didn't refer
34.The manager promised to keep me______ of how our business was going on.
A.to be informed       B.on informing
C.informed            D.informing
35. -How did you ______the movie last night?
-Oh,both interesting and instructive.
A.find      B.consider C.think      D.feel
第二节:完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面的短文，掌握其大意，然后从36～55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
One day in September we were doing repair work on my parents' old house to get it ready for my youngest daughter's wedding.We had to   36   a great climbing plant that had grown  37   a roof beam(房梁),so that we could repair the roof and  38   the walls.
When my husband was taking the plant away,he found the  39   of a blackbird that had made its home in the leaves.He then  40   something  41  among that mass of earth and straw of the nest.He broke the earth around it into pieces with his finger tips and,to his  42  ,saw glittering gold.It was a child's bracelet(手镯).He ran into the house to  43   me.
"You won't believe that the  44   blackbirds not only steal the best fruit we  45  to feed on,"he said,"but they also want their children to  46   in a cradle of gold!"
When my daughter came over on the eve of the  47  ,we told her about this 48  occurrence.
"Don't you remember,Mother?"she said with a loud  49  ."When I was eight,you gave me a bracelet that I  50   a few days later while out playing in the yard?It was this one!"
As the bracelet no longer  51   its owner and was dirty,I decided to take it into my safekeeping.
In December of the following year,the young couple's baby son was baptized(受洗礼).Among the  52  the newborn baby received,I placed his mother's bracelet,now shining like  53  .I hope that if my grandson  54  loses it,one of the  55   that live in my backyard is somewhere nearby.
36.A.remove B.cover      C.grow D.water
37.A.beyond B.over      C.across D.through
38.A.build B.paint      C.rescue D.print
39.A.nest      B.baby      C.body D.egg
40.A.moved B.got      C.picked D.noticed
41.A.nice      B.colorful C.shiny D.special
42.A.horror B.surprise C.delight D.disappointment
43.A.ask      B.tell      C.show D.give
44.A.working B.cheating C.dreaming   D.thieving
45.A.buy      B.plant      C.store D.collect
46.A.lie      B.sing      C.listen D.wait
47.A.party B.Christmas C.birthday   D.wedding
48.A.important   B.strange      C.terrible D.funny
49.A.cry      B.sigh      C.laugh D.sound
50.A.hid      B.threw      C.lost D.broke
51.A.fitted B.satisfied C.matched   D.interested
52.A.jewels B.toys      C.clothes D.presents
53.A.attractive B.new      C.modern D.golden
54.A.almost B.just      C.even D.ever
55.A.blackbirds   B.grandchildren   C.neighbors   D.mice
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题，每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下面的短文，从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
BEIJING-Set off by the April 1 Sino-US plane collision and US official agreement of the biggest arms sale to Taiwan in a decade(ten years)as well as remarks by US President Bush on defending Taiwan,there have been increasing hacker attacks on websites of the two countries in the past weeks.
An American group of hackers which calls itself Poizon Box had begun ruining Chinese web－sites after the April 1 spy plane incident,top Chinese portal Sina. com. said.
The Chinese soon attacked back.
On April 29,Chinese hackers invaded two US Government websites over the weekend,forcing the Department of Labour and the Department of Health and Human Services to shut down their sites for a short time.
The US Department of Labour went offline for a few hours after a page in its website was changed to display a picture of Wang Wei,the Chinese pilot who died in the collision.
The page was titled"China hack!"and read,in English,"The whole country is sorry for losing the best son of China-Wang Wei forever,we will miss you until the end of the day."
On May 1,hackers exchanged bad remarks in which the official White House website was defaced by a huge amount of e-mail garbage.On May 5,the White House website fell victim(受害者)to a denial of service attack that blocked access(通道)to the site for more than two hours.
The Computer Network and Information Security Management Office told web operators an average of 100 sites a day had seen"some more form of attack."
56.The best title of the passage is ______.
A.Sino-US Plane Collision      B.Sino-US Hackers Fighting Cyberwar
C.100 Sites Being Attacked      D.Cyberwar Continuing
57.What is the correct order of the events?
a.Wang Wei's picture appeared on a US website.
b.Poizon Box destroyed some Chinese websites.
c.The access to White House website was blocked for over two hours.
d.Hackers exchanged bad remarks.
A.a,b,c,d      B.a,c,b,d C.b,a,d,c D.b,a,c,d
58.From the passage we can infer that ______.
A.US President Bush defended Taiwan
B.all the Chinese people are sorry for losing the best son of China
C.websites in the US and China have been watchful for attacks
D.Chinese hackers began to play an important role in foreign affairs
B
JACKSONVILLE,Fla,Nov.10-A 14-year-old boy was arrested today after the rotten body of an 8-year-old girl who was his neighbor was found hidden in his bedroom.She had been stabbed and beaten.
The boy,Joshua Earl Patrick Philips,admitted and was charged with murder in the death of the girl,Maddie Clifton,who disappeared on Now.3,Sheriff Nat Glover said.
Joshua,who has no criminal record,would not be eligible(合格的）for the death punishment because of his age.Detectives recovered a knife and a baseball bat believed to be the weapons used to kill the girl,the Sheriff said.
The girl had been stabbed at least nine times and was struck in the head,Sheriff Glover said at a news conference.The authorities did not say whether she has been attacked sexually,nor did they give motive for the attack.
The boy's mother,Melissa Philips,grew suspicious after the police searched her home on Monday and detected an odor,the Sheriff said.This morning she pulled aside the frame of the bed,saw a child's feet and called an officer,he said.
Maddie's body was found under a sheet of wood supporting the frame of the water bed,which was filled,Sheriff Glover said,adding,"He put her under the bed and taped her up in it."
Investigators believe the third-grader was killed in the boy's house shortly after she disappeared last Tuesday,touching off a widespread search.
On Friday,Maddie's parents,Steve and Sheila Clifton,made an earnest request for her return.
The boy's house,like others in the neighborhood,had been searched three times.During the third search on Monday,the mother had at first said she though the odor came from family pets.
Hundreds of volunteers had distributed thousands of leaflets with Maddie's picture since she disappeared that evening,about 30 minutes after she went out to play with friends.
The girl's house is one of the well-kept,single-family homes in the older working-class of Jacksonville.Yellow ribbons(丝带）still hung from the trees this morning.
59.Which of the following statement is not fit for the report?
A.After the girl disappeared,the police searched on a large scale.
B.Quite a lot of people handed out lots of papers to look for the girl.
C.The girl's parents are still waiting for their girl to come home safely on Friday morning.
D.The police searched the boy's house and found the girl's body by a strange smell.
60.It can be inferred from the report that ______.
A.the girl was killed in the boy's home
B.the girl was stabbed many times and struck by a baseball bat
C.it is the first time that the boy has been charged
D.the boy won't be put into prison
61.The words"motive"probably means______.
A.reason B.action C.motion D.information
62.The man,Sheriff Glover,may be ______.
A.a reporter         B.a government official
C.the girl's father    D.a person in charge of the case
C
There is a very simple way of measuring the height of a water-tower.Which we cannot measure by climbing.
Suppose,for example,that we wish to find out the height of the watertower,AB,in a factory,we first of all go to where the water-tower is standing and measure a distance of,say,90 feet from it,in a straight line,marking the spot that is 90 feet from the water-tower,Then we take a stick,DC,and stand it in the ground at the spot we have just marked.
Let us suppose that the stick we are using is 4 feet in height.We now walk farther away from the water-tower in the same straight line as when we measured off the distance of 90 feet.We go from the water-tower until we come to a point E,where with our head on the ground,we see the top of the stick and the top of the water-tower in the same straight line-that is,the top of the stick just over the highest part of the water-tower.
We now have two triangles(三角形）and the proportion(比例）of the side CD to the side CE,in the smaller triangle CDE,is exactly the same as the proportion of the side BA to the side BE,in the large triangle BAE.It is clear from this that every schoolboy or schoolgirl can work out the height of the water-tower.
Suppose that the line CE is 5 feet.We know that the stick is 4 feet high and the length BE is 95 feet.From these measurements we have the simple proportion sum(算题):5 is to 4 as 95 is to AB.We multiply(乘)95 by 4,making 380,and divided by 5.Then we can get the height of the water-tower.The height of any other building can,of course,be easily measured by using the same way.
63.The height of the water-tower is ______.
A.AB B.DC C.90 feet D.180 feet
64.The triangle CDE must be ______.
A.below the triangle BAE B.in the triangle BAE
C.out of the triangle BAE D.over the triangle BAE
65.The proportion of the side CD to the side CE is ______.
A.bigger than the proportion of the side BA to the side BE
B.equal to the proportion of the side BA to the side BE
C.not as big as the proportion of the side BA to the side BE
D.smaller than the proportion of the side BA to the side BE
66.According to the measurements,which of the following proportion sums is correct?
A.BA is to four as five is to ninety-five.
B.BA is to ninety-five as four is to five.
C.Five is to ninety-five as BA is to four.
D.Four is to five as BA is to ninety.
D
Editor's note:AWL is well-know for its dictionaries and English language teaching materials.Some readers have written it to ask us for the latest information on high quality books on English speaking,so here we introduce two texts that aim to improve spoken English fluency(流利).
Let's Speak(Beginner)
By Bev Dusuya Haoko Ozeki and Kevin Rergman
ISBN:96200 1359X
Speak Up(Pre-Intermediate)
By Bev Kusuya,Nako Zeki
ISBN:0582228050
 "Teach the students about your culture(文化）and help them talk about their own."How often are these worthy goals kept from being achieved by the limitations of you beginner-level learners?Students at all levels want to talk about culture.
Topics include food,shopping,sports,fashion the roles of men and women,health,music,and many more.
There are all chosen form surveys(调查）of over 15 000 students about their own interests in cross-cultural communication.
"Let's Speak"and"Speak Up"share a special but excellent way that allows all students to take part.
The series has questions which start thinking and help collect opinions,about personal topics.Conversation practice is provided by ready-to-use models of basic exchanges on the topic.Also,the cultural information presented in the sense comes in the form of interesting,relevant(相关的）facts and ideas from other countries through listening tasks and Culture Quiz exercises.
Team activities in books provide lively problem-solving games to enable sharing and comparison of cultural values.
"Let's Speak"is fit for entry-level students of all ages."Speak Up"provides for the needs of higher-level beginners,offering the same careful listening and speaking help,but with slightly more open-ended discussion.
For any information about AWL's books,please get in touch with the following address:
Beijing Addison Wesley Longman Information Center.
Room 2306,FLTRP Beijing
19 Xi San Huan Beilu,Beijing 100081
Tel:(010)68917488(010)68917788 ext 2306
Fax:(010)68917499E-mail:zrh public bat.net.cn
67.Which of the following are mentioned about the two books in the passage above?
a.publisher b.titlesc. content d.writers e.prices f.pages g.book number
A.a,b,d,f B.a,c,d,g C.b,c,d,e D.b,c,e,f
68.The two books have in common everything except______.
A.the same interesting topics
B.the same level of learners
C.proper ways to excite the learners to talk
D.right kinds of activities for cultural communication
69.According to the passage,you can have at least______ways to be connected if you want to know something about AWL's books.
A.two B.three C.four D.six
E
Art………………
44Behavior………
48Books………
50Economy & Finance…………
36Medicine…………………………
42Milestones…………………
49Science &technology…………
17Other Departments…………
70.Where will a reporter's interview with a dignitary(职位高的人)appear?
A.P.48 B.P.50 C.P.49 D.P.52
71.If you want to know what a critic(评论家)says about a best-seller,you can turn to ______.
A.P.44 B.P.48 C.P.50 D.P.52
F
Read the advertisements(广告),then choose the right answer.
Driver Wanted①Clean driving license(执照）②Must be of smart(帅气的）appearance.③Age over 25.Apply to(申请)：Capes Taxi,17 Palace Road,Roston.

Air Hostesses for International Flights(国际航班空姐）Wanted.①Applicants(申请者）must be between 20 and 33 years old.②Height 1.6m to 1.75m.③Education to GCSE standard(标准）.④Two languages.Must be able to swim.Apply to:Recruitment(招聘)office,Southern Airlines,Heathrow Airport West.HR37KK.

Teachers NeededFor private language school.Teaching experience unnecessary.Apply to:The Director of Studies,Instant Languages Ltd,279 Canal Street,Roston.
72.What prevent Jack,an experienced taxi driver,working for Capes Taxis?
A.Fond of beer and wine.
B.Punished for speeding and wrong parking.
C.Unable to speak a foreign language.
D.Not having college education.
73.Ben,aged 22,fond of swimming and driving,has just graduated(毕业）from a college.Which job might be given to him?
A.Driving for Capes taxis.
B.Working for Southern Airlines.
C.Teaching at Instant languages Ltd.
D.None of the three.
74.What prevent Mary,aged 25,becoming an air hostess?
A.She once broke a traffic law and was fined(罚款）
B.She can't speak Japanese very well.
C.She has never worked as an air hostess before.
D.She doesn't feel like working long hours flying abroad.
75.Which of the following is not mentioned(提及)in the three advertisements?
A.Marriage.    B.Male or female.
C.Education.    D.Working experience.

高考英语仿真试题(一）
第二卷(共35分)
注意事项：
1.第二卷第11至12页，用钢笔或圆珠笔直接答在试卷上。
2.答卷前将密封线内的项目填写清楚。
题号	第一节	第二节	总分
分数
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上划一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（＼）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
I can't swim because I have a strong fear of water.Look back at my childhood experience,I think                   76.______
that three reason might explain the fear.The first       77.______
reason is that I was not allowed to go near the water         78.______
when I was a child,for my mother had unreasonable         79.______
fear of it.So,even as a child I was taught see the        80.______
water as something danger.Second,my eyes             81._____
became bad ones when I was five.If I took off my          82.______
glasses in the water,I couldn't see anything,but this          83.______
increased my fear.The worst part of your experience          84.______
is that as a child often I see a neighbor drown.Since          85.______
then I have been more frightened.
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
假如你是一名电脑销售人员，请根据以下内容，用英语向客户作一个口头产品介绍。
品名	STONE HOME COMPUTER
型号	586
产地	天津家用电脑公司
性能	1.硬盘更大，储存信息更多；2.图形处理得方便快捷；3..观看VCD更生动，画面更清晰；4.有助于进行家庭学习和娱乐。
价格	每台仅售5000元人民币

（字数100左右）
附：1.硬盘-n. hard disk  2.娱乐-v. amuse  3.方便的-a. convenient


2003年高考英语仿真试题(一)参考答案
1~5 CCABC 6~10AABBC
11~15 ACABB   16~20 CABCC
21~25 DCDAA   26~30 BCBDA
31~35 ACBCA   36~40 ACBAD
41~45 CBCDB   46~50 ADBCC
51~55 ADBDA   56~60 BCCDD
61~65 ADABB   66~70 BBBCD
71~75 CBCDA
76.Look→Looking
77.reason→reasons
78.正确
79.在unreasonable前加an
80.在see前加to
81.danger→dangerous
82.去掉ones
83.but→and
84.your→my
85.see→saw
One possible version:
Ladies and gentlemen,
Now let me introduce our new STONE HOME COMPUTER to you all.This kind of home computer is made in Tianjin,by Tianjin Home Computer Company.It is a new kind,586.The computer has a larger hard disk and can store much more useful information.Besides this,it is more convenient and much faster to deal with all kinds of pictures.It is also easier for you to see films or VCD with clearer pictures.It will greatly help people learn and amuse.However,it will cost you only 5 000 yuan.To buy one computer of this kind is your best choice.Thanks.
听力部分录音稿
第一节
（Text 1)
M:Sorry.I have forgotten John's address.
W:You forgot again!It's 1343 King Street.
（Text 2)
M:I need some stamps and some envelopes as well.
W:Will you step right over to the second window,please?
（Text 3)
M:Your skirt is quite beautiful in colour,isn't it?
W:Yes,I bought it at a sale for half price.It cost me$12.
（Text 4）
M:I hope I can see you at my birthday party.
W:Oh,dear,I've almost forgotten.When is it?
M:Well,the day after April Fools'Day.Easy to remember,isn't it?
W:Yes,of course.

（Text 5）
M:I hear you are going to drive to New York this weekend.
W:Oh,I've changed my mind.
M:What?
W:I think flying will be more comfortable.
第二节
（Text 6）
M:Excuse me,Madam.I'm wondering if you could tell me the place where I can repair my shoes.
W:There's one on the Fifth Street.
M:Thank you,but how far is it to that store?
W:Not very far and not difficult to find.Just keep walking and after two blocks you will see a supermarket on your left.The store is next to the supermarket.
M:Oh,thank you very much.
W:You're welcome.You won't miss it,young man.
（Text 7）
M:What's the matter,Alice?
W:Sorry,Mr Harrison.I missed my train.
M:Why did you miss the train?
W:Because I left home a little late.
M:Did you get up late or something?
W:No.My aunt called me at the last minute.
M:Tell her not to call you in the morning.
W:I will,Mr Harrison.I'm really sorry for being late.
M:If you are late again,I can't let you pass for this class.
W:Oh,please.
（Text 8）
M:What seems to be the matter?
W:I just can't sleep well,doctor.
M:I see.And how long have you had this problem?
W:Oh,for about two weeks now.
M:Two weeks.Do you have headaches?
W:Sometimes.
M:Fever?
W:No.
M:Are you having any family problems?
W:No,not really.We all get along pretty well.
M:And how about work?
W:Well,I've been working a lot lately-more than 11 hours a day.
M:Maybe you should take a vacation and just rest for a few days.
W:Well,I can't right now.We're in the middle of some important business.
M:Yes,I understand,but you really need to slow down.You're going to kill yourself if you go on like this.
（Text 9）
M:What a lot of rubbish and waste!I just wonder how people can deal with these things every day.
W:Don't worry.There are many ways of dealing with them.The other day,I heard that a big rubbish plant is being built near our town.
M:A rubbish plant?To produce rubbish or to deal with rubbish?
W:To deal with rubbish,of course.
M:How much rubbish can it deal with each day?
W:Maybe 3 000 tons,I'm not sure.
M:Our town will become cleaner after the plant is built.
W:I hope so.
(Text 10)
You ask me about my hometown,so now I'd like to tell you something about it.
I live in Brighton,which is not a very big town.It has a population of around 300,000.It is on the coast about 50 miles from London.Of course it isn't as interesting as London or Paris.But the air is a lot cleaner and better.There is little pollution there.There are a few factories in Brighton,but not many.It isn't very easy to find a job there.My father used to work in a steel plant which shut down a year ago and my father lost his job.But there are a lot of hotels and language schools in the town.In summer the town is full of travelers.My father decides to open a small shop to sell gifts.But he is short of money.He hopes that he can borrow some money from the bank.