试卷类型：A

2003年高考英语仿真试题

本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至10页，第二卷11至12页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目（A或B）用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑。如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束后，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。
第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
做题时，先将答案划在试卷上。录音内容结束后，你将有两分钟的时间将试卷上的答案转涂到答题卡上。
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。
1.What does the man mean?
A.He will not open the window.
B.The window can' t be opened.
C.The window is already open.
2.Which is the quickest way to the airport?
A.By taxi. B.By bus.C.By underground.
3.Why does the woman want to change the shoes?
A.They are not the right color.
B.They are not the right style.
C.They are not the right size.
4.What is the woman going to do this evening?
A.Go to dinner.B.Visit her sister.   C.Go to the airport.
5.What can we learn from the conversation?
A.The woman had a photo shop of her own.
B.The woman developed her photos all by herself.
C.The woman developed part of her own film.
第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面5段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。
听第6段材料，回答第6～8题。
6.Who are the two speakers?
A.A doctor and a patient.   B.A teacher and a student.   C.Two students.
7.Why does the man call the woman?
A.To hand in his roommate' s paper.
B.To ask for a leave for his roommate.
C.To ask her to see his sick roommate.
8.What does the man have to do in the afternoon?
A.Have a meeting.   	B.Meet the secretary.   C.Visit the woman.
听第7段材料，回答第9～11题。
9.Where is the woman?
A.At a furniture shop.B.At a restaurant.C.At a ticket office.
10.How many guests will the man treat?
A.About five. B.About eight.  C.About ten.
11.How much is the man going to pay?
A.＄ 100. 	B.＄ 500. 	 C.＄ 400.
听第8段材料，回答第12～14题。
12.Why is Stella unhappy?
A.Because she can not sleep at night.
B.Because she has made so many mistakes.
C.Because she has quarreled with Mr. Philips.
13.Who is Mr. Philips?
A.Stella' s boss.   	B.Stella' s husband.   C.Stella' s neighbor.
14.What does Bill suggest Stella do?
A.Talk to the milkman' s wife.
B.Write a letter to the milkman.
C.Write to apologize to Mr. Philips.
听第9段材料，回答第15～17题。
15.What are they talking about?
A.A travel plan.   B.The last vacation.   C.A newspaper.
16.How can they get the price?
A.Read the ad.   	B.Call the hotel.   	C.Call the travel office.
17.What can we learn about the man?
A.He is not in good health.
B.He doesn' t want to travel at all.
C.He prefers to stay in the same place.
听第10段材料，回答第18～20题。
18.Where is the speaker talking?
A.On the radio.   B.On TV. C.On the telephone.
19.What does the man tell the drivers going  north to do?
A.To pay attention to an accident.
B.To take another road instead of M1.
C.To be careful about lorries.
20.What happens to the road between the airport and the railway station?
A.It' s being made broader.
B.It' s being cleared.
C.It' s closed now.
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节：单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、 D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
21.It' s only _____ 20  minutes'  ride from here to _____ Stone Company.
A.a;the 	B.不填；a 	C.不填；the  D.the;不填
22.We came to a place _____ they had never paid a visit before.
A.which   	B.that 	C.to which D.where
23.Everything _____ into consideration.They ought to have another chance.
A.to take   B.taken 	C.to be taken   	D.taking
24.-We were going to be successful,but something went wrong at the last minute.
-_____,but don' t give up.Try again.
A.You didn' t mean that 	B.I' m sorry to hear that
C.Find out the reason   	D.Never mind
25.With his wallet _____,Mr Bill _____ return home to face his wife.
A.stole;need not to 	B.stealing;dare not to
C.stolen;needn' t to		D.stolen;dare not
26.English is a language that many people around the world _____ not speak perfectly but _____ at least understand.
A.may can   B.would might   	C.will must   D.could might
27.-Was Tom there when you arrived?
-Yes.But he _____ home soon afterwards.
A.had gone   B.has gone   	C.is going   D.went
28.John _____ such a thing about you.He never speaks ill of you behind your back.
A.can' t have said	B.might not have said
C.couldn' t say   	D.mustn' t have said
29.Let' s put off the picnic until next week,_____ the weather may be better.
A.then   	B.if 	C.as D.when
30.Anyone _____ trying to take knives on heard flights would be caught by the police.
A.finds   	B.found C.being found   D.will find
31.Anson set out after dark _____ home an hour later.
A.arriving   B.to arrive C.having arrived   D.and arrived
32.It was in the hall _____ we have dinner _____ we had a dancing party.
A.where;that  B.that;where 		C.where;which   D.which;where
33.It is _____ work of art that everyone wants to have a look at it.
A.a so unusual 			B.such an unusual
C.so unusual 						D.such unusual
34.Mr Lopes was much disappointed to find the bike he had _____ went wrong again.
A.it repaired 			B.repaired
C.repaired it 			D.to be repaired
35.-What' s the matter,Jim?You look sad.
-Oh,nothing much.Actually,I _____ of my friends.
A.am thinking 	B.have just thought
C.was just thinking 	D.had just thought
第二节:完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面的短文，掌握其大意，然后从36～55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
Several years ago,while attending a communication course,I experienced a most unusual process.The instructor asked us to list  36  in our past that we felt 37   of,regretted,or incomplete about and read our lists aloud.
This seemed like a very  38  process,but there' s always some  39  soul in the crowd who will volunteer.The instructor then  40  that we find ways to  41   people,or take some action to right any wrongdoings.I was seriously wondering how this could ever   42   my communication.
Then the man  next to me raised his hand and volunteered this story:"Making my   43  ,I remembered an incident from high school.I grew up in a small town.There was a Sheriff  44  of us kids liked.One night,my two buddies and I decided to play a  45   on him.
After drinking a few beers,we climbed the tall water tank in the middle of the town,and wrote on the tank in bright red paint:Sheriff Brown is a s. o. b.The  next day,almost the whole town saw our glorious   46  .Within two hours,Sheriff Brown had us in his office.My friends told the truth but I lied.No one  47  found out."
"Nearly 20 years later,Sheriff Brown' s name  48  on my list.I didn' t even know if he was still  49  .Last weekend,I dialed the information in my hometown and found there was a Roger Brown still listed.I tried his number.After a few  50  ,I heard,"Hello?"I said,"Sheriff Brown?"Paused."Yes." "Well,this is Jimmy Calkins."
"And I want you to know that I did it？"Paused."I knew it!"he yelled back.We had a good laugh and a  51  discussion.His closing words were:"Jimmy,I always felt bad for you  52   your buddies got it off their chest,but you were carrying it 53   all these years.I want to thank you for calling me…for your sake."
Jimmy inspired me to  54  all 101 items on my list within two years,and I always remember what I learned from the course:It' s never too late to  55  the past wrongdoings.
36.A.something  	B.anything   	C.somebody   	D.anybody
37.A.ashamed   	B.afraid   	C.sure D.proud
38.A.private   	B.secret   	C.interesting   	D.funny
39.A.foolish   	B.polite   	C.simple D.brave
40.A.expected  	B.suggested  	C.ordered D.demanded
41.A.connect with 			B.depend on
C.make apologise to 	D.get along with
42.A.improve   	B.continue   	C.realize D.keep
43.A.notes B.list C.plan D.stories
44.A.any B.most   	C.none D.all
45.A.part 	  	B.game   	C.trick D.record
46.A.view B.sign   	C.attention D.remark
47.A.also B.even   	C.still 	D.ever
48.A.appears   	B.considers  	C.presents D.remembers
49.A.angry B.happy   	C.doubtful D.alive
50.A.words   	B.rings   	C.repeats D.calls
51.A.cold B.plain   	C.nervous D.lively
52.A.in case   	B.so long as	C.unless D.because
53.A.around   	B.out C.on 	D.away
54.A.build up   	B.make up   C.clear up   	D.give up
55.A.regret   	B.forgive   	C.right   	D.punish
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下面的短文，从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
Beijing-Beijing is to spend up to US ＄20 billion to change the Chinese capitalsintosa 21st century one for the 2008 Olympics.
The government managed to host the 2008 games.The general aim is for Beijing to have the same environmental standards as Paris,London or Washington by 2008.
Hundreds of millions of dollars will be spent to pipe natural gas to the city' s home,taking away dirty coal burning gradually while 60,000 buses will be changed to liquefied gas.
The money also will be used for relocating the polluting factories and building green belts.By 2008 around 90 percent of Beijing' s waste will be treated,compared to only 40 percent at present.
Olympic officials realize the city has a long way to go to match the environmental  standards of such cities as Paris Toronto,Istanbul and Osaka.
City officials have already announced that around 50 large projects are being dealt with to improve traffic congestion and cut down pollution.They include construction of  Beijing' s first light railway,a 40.5-kilometre line which is expected to be complete in 2005.
Beijing besides,plans to build an 82.25-kilometre-long subway to add  to the existing 53 kilometres.Nine major roads will be rebuilt or widened.
Beijing also plans to build a 70-metre-wide green belt along the waterways to protect water quality as well as increase the green areas.
56.The government will pipe natural gas to the city' s home in groups to _____ .
A.solve the problem of being shorts of fuel
B.bring down the cost of daily life
C.reduce the pollution of our capital
D.keep up with the development of modern society
57.The underlined word "relocating" in this report means _____.
A.removing   B.pulling down   C.rebuilding   D.dealing with
58.From the last three paragraphs we know the fact that _____.
A.lengthening the existing 53-kilometre subway is among the 50 large projects
B.a 40.5-kilometre line will be added to Beijing' s first light railway
C.the length of the subway will be up to 135.25 kilometres in 2005
D.a 70-metre-wide green belt will supply us with enough water
59.Which of the following is true according to the passage?
A.The environment of London is better than Toronto.
B.In the first paragraph "a 21st century one "refers to a modern and advanced capital.
C.Beijing is badly polluted mainly by coal burning.
D.Liquefied gas is more expensive than petrol.
B
Bill Gates,the head of the world' s biggest computer softwater company,the Microsoft Corporation,has a mission,"Put computers on every office desk and in evey home."Bill Gates has had this mission since he was a university student ninteen years ago.This deep personal interest,together with his technical skill and his business marketing skills helped him to create a giant computer company and to make him wealthy.
Although he is so wealthy,Bill Gates does not want to give up.He is still very interested in his vision(远见) and he travels the globe,from Beijing to London,making quick stops in cities to sell the new software products of his company.
The central vision of Bill Gates is the "information highway".This is a network of computers that will link every home,office and shopping mall in the future.This computer network system will have an effect on business,shopping and education.Bill Gates says that the main use of this new technology will be in communication.It will be a way to find people with common interests and to share opinions with them.
But is this communication by computer along the "information highway" really a good thing?Won' t we be sitting at home,only"socializing " with our computer,paying big companies money so that we can receive information that some large communication corporation somewhere has decided  and that is "acceptable" for us to read?No,says Bill Gates,who thinks that the phrase "information highway" is a terrible phrase.It makes people think that we are all going down the same road,he says.In fact,the computer network will let us choose our own intellectual direction.It will give us freedom.It will also bring good to society,because it will allow for the spread of education.When more and more people receive education,the gap between rich and poor will narrow.
In the meantime,however,the gap between  the rich and poor is still there.To be added to this now is the gap between those with computers and those without.
60.The underlined word "mission" in this text means a _____.
A.course   B.job   C.duty   D.goal
61.The reasons for Bill Gates'  success are as follows except _____.
A.his vision and his travel over the world
B.his technical skill and his business marketing skills
C.the money we pay for the informatin received from the "information highway"
D.his deep personal interest
62.The way the "information highway" offers us will mainly be used _____.
A.to find people who have the same opinion and who have interests in common
B.to help link every home office and shopping mall
C.to affect business shopping and education
D.to narrow the gap between the rich and the poor
63.The best title of this passage should be _____.
A.Bill Gates,his Vision and Mission
B.The gap the Computer Brings About
C.The Advantages of the Computer Network
D.One of the World' s Richest Self-made Men
C
The old idea that child prodigies(神童) "burn themselves" or "overtax their brains" in the early years,therefore,are prey to failure and (at worst) mental illness is just a myth.As a matter of fact,the outstanding thing that happens to bright children is that they are very likely to grow into bright adults.To find this out,1 500 gifted persons were followed up to their thirty-fifth year with these results:On adult intelligence tests,they scored as high as they did as children.They were,as a group,in good health,physically and mentally.Eighty-four percent of their group were married and seemed content with their life.
About 70 percent had graduated from colleges,though only 30 percent had graduated with honors.A few had even flunked out(退学),but nearly half of these had returned to graduate.
Of the men,80 percent were in one of the professions or in business,managers or semiprofessional jobs.The women who had remained single had offices,business,or professional occupations.
The group had published 90 books and 1,500 articles in scientific,scholarly,and literary magazines and had collected more than 100 patents(专利权).
In a material way they didn' t do badly either.Average income was considerably higher.
Among the gifted people,especially the men,than for the country as a whole,despite their comparative youth when last surveyed.In fact,far from being strange,maladjusted(难以适应) people locked in an ivory tower,most of the gifted were turning their early promises into practical reality.
64.The main idea of the passage is _____.
A.how many gifted children turned succescful when they grew up
B.that bright children were unlikely to be physically and mentally healthy
C.that gifted children were most likely to become bright grown-ups
D.that when the bright children grew up,they would become ordinary
65.From the passage,we can conclude that _____.
A.most of the gifted children became white collars
B.half of the gifted followed up graduated from colleges
C.each of the talented published at least one article
D.bright men got higher income than bright women
66.Which of the following is mentioned in the passage?
A.The gifted could not be fit for their social positions.
B.Most of the bright and successful women kept single.
C.The gifted men go full marks in intelligence tests.
D.Most of the gifted appeared satisfied with their life.
67.The explanation of the underlined "turning their early promises into practical reality" is _____.
A.earning their living and keeping promises
B.doing practical jobs and facing reality
C.doing what they have promised
D.realizing what they were expected
D
NEW YORK,May 19-A new,more destructive(破坏性) version of the "Love Bug"virus is slowly spreading across the world,but so far the damage is small compared with its former version.
The new Love Bug virus creates disorder.
Richard Saunders of anti-viral(反病毒)  firm Symantec said the virus only affected a dozen companies around the world.
"While it is a nasty virus,it' s not spreading anywhere near the rate the Love Bug or (last year' s) Melissa was spreading," Saunders said.
"New Love" is similar in form to the Love Bug,which swept the world two weeks ago and caused more than ＄10 million in damages.But it' s much more destructive.The virus appears as an attachment(附件) to an e-mail whose subject begins with "FW".
If a user clicks on the attachment' s scroll-like icon(卷轴样的图标),every file on his hard drive is destroyed.
"Basically,it' s going to destroy your machine,"said Eric Chien,chief researcher at Symantec' s anti-virus lab in the Netherlands.
The Love Bug only killed a small set of files,including graphic files.This virus even wipes out the Windows operating system.
Attorney General Janet Reno warned the public at a news conference today to be careful of any suspicious e-mail with attachments."Do not open it,even it comes from a trusted source,"she said.
Don' t Open That Attachments.
Like the Love Bug,after the e-mail attachment is opened and the virus is carried out,New Love sends itself to everyone in a victim' s Microsoft Outlook address book.Fortunately for users,the lesson is the same as from the Love Bug:If you see a message with an attachment whose name ends in vbs,with a scroll-like icon,don' t click on the attachment.
Also like the Love Bug,this virus only affects computers running Windows 98,NT 4.0.
Windows 95 with Internet Explorer 5.0 and can only spread if users rely on a Microsoft Outlook address book for e-mail.
Microsoft will son give a fix for Outlook that warns people of suspicious attachments,the company said.
68.According to the passage,so far the new Love Bug virus _____.
A.has made the whole world disordered
B.causes more damages than other forms of virus
C.is the newest and spreading the fastest
D.has affected 12 companies around the world
69.Computer users are warned in this article _____.
A.not to open e-mails beginning with "FW" subjects
B.not to open the attachment of doubtful e-mails
C.to stop using Microsoft Outlook address book
D.to examine the Windows Operating System carefully
70.It can be suggested from the passage that _____.
A.the mail sent by a friend is surely free of the virus
B.the Microsoft company will take action against the virus
C.all computers running Windows 98 will be affected
D.the users can not find the way to deal with the Love Bug
71.The author writes this passage in order to _____.
A.compare some types of virus
B.explain how the Love Bug is formed
C.tell the readers something about a new virus
D.remind computer companies to kill the virus
E
Like fine food,good writing  is something we approach with pleasure and enjoy from the first taste to the last.And good writers,like good cooks,do not suddenly appear full-blown.Quite the opposite,just as the cook has to undergo a particular training,mastering the skills of his trade,the writer must sit at his desk and devote long hours to achieving a style in his writing,whatever its purpose is-schoolwork,matters of business,or purely social communication.
You may be sure that the more painstaking the effort,the more effective the writing,and the more rewarding.
There are still some faraway places in the world where you might find a public scribe to do your business or social writing for you,for money.There are a few managers who are lucky enough to have the service of that rare kind of secretary who can take care of all sorts of letter writing with no more than a quick note to work from.But for most of us,if there is any writing to be done,we have to do it ourselves.
We have to write school papers,business papers or home papers.We are constantly called on to put words to papers.It would be difficult to count the number of such words,messages,letters,and reports put into mails or delivered by hand,but the daily figures must be extremely large.What is more,everyone who writes expects,or at least hopes whatever he writers will be read,from first word to last,not just thrown into some "letters-to-be-read" files or into a wastepaper basket.This is the reason we bend our efforts toward learning and practicing the skills of interesting,effective writing.
72.In this passage,good writing is compared to fine because _____.
A.both are enjoyable
B.both are hard to learn
C.both are necessary to life
D.both take a long time to prepare
73.According to the passage,which of the following statements is true?
A.Writing skills are less important than experience.
B.A good writer should have his own way of writing.
C.A good writer should learn to write all kinds of articles.
D.The more efforts one makes,the more money one can earn.
74.The author thinks that the most important reason for us to practice writing skills is _____.
A.to earn our living 	B.to attract others to read
C.to do daily reports easily   	D.to become good secretaries
75.The purpose of the author in writing this passage is to _____.
A.comment and blameB.introduce and describe
C.explain and persuade D.interest and inform

高考英语仿真试题（五）
注意事项：
1.第二卷第11至12页，用钢笔或圆珠笔直接答在试卷上。
2.答卷前将密封线内的项目填写清楚。
第二卷(共35分)
题 号	第一节	第二节	总分
分 数
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右
边横线上划一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（＼）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
Most of his students are from other part of 							76._____
China and have come to Beijing at a very young age of sixteen 			77._____
or seventeen.He hopes create an environment for his students 			78._____
that it is much more relaxing than the one he used to 					79._____
study in.He thought that an actor should relax himself when 			80._____
performing.Yet his students deep respect him and he 					81._____
never needs to raise his voice in order to be hearing 					82._____
For his opinion,actors should go on even when they 					83._____
feel they have made a mistake in their performances					84._____
because the moment is already gone but people can never				85._____
be back to it…So art is always changing and developing.
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
目前，沙尘暴多次肆虐我国。假如你是李华，请根据下图，向报社投稿。呼吁大家植树造林，保护环境。
注意：1.字数100左右；  2.开头已为你写好。
提示：wasteland 荒地  sandstorm 沙尘暴


2003年高考英语仿真试题(五)答案
1～5 BCACC 6～10 BABBC 	11～15 BCABA  16～20 CAABA
21～25 ACBBD  26～30 ADADB 	31～35 DABBC  36～40 BAADB
41～45 CABCC  46～50 BDADB 	51～55 DDACC  56～60 CAABD
61～65 CAACA  66～70 DDDBB 	71～75 CABBC
76.part→parts
77.a→the
78.hope后加to
79.去掉it
80.thought→thinks
81.deep→deeply
82.hearing→heard
83.For→In
84.√
85.but→and
One possible version:
Dear editor,
In the past my hometown used to be a beautiful place.Thick trees and green grass could be seen everywhere.In order to build houses and grow more crops,people cut down more and more trees.As time went on,the whole forest was almost destroyed.Gradually,the green hills have changed into wasteland.As a result,sandstorms struck us now and then,from which we suffered a lot.So,I do hope all the people should realize the terrible result of not caring about our environment.What's more,we should take good care of the forests and plant more trees instead of cutting them down so as to improve our living conditions.
Yours,
Li Hua
听力部分录音稿
第一节
（Text 1）
W:Would you mind opening that window?We need some fresh air here.
M:I'm afraid it's the kind that doesn't open.
(Text 2)
W:How can I get to the airport?
M:You can go there by underground,by bus or by taxi.The underground is the quickest,but the bus is the cheapest.
(Text 3)
W:May I change these shoes?
M:Why?Anything wrong?
W:No,nothing special.My daughter just doesn't like the color.
(Text 4)
M:If you'd like to go there for dinner this evening,I'll phone the restaurant.
W:Thank you,but I promised my sister I'd take her to the airport.
(Text 5)
M:Did you develop all your own film?
W:Only the black and white.I had a photo shop do my color pictures.
第二节
(Text 6)
W:Elizabeth Martin speaking.
M:Dr. Martin,my name is Mark Johnson.My roommate,Benjanmin Jones,is in your art history class.Uh-m,Art history 502?
W:Yes.
M:Well,he is sick and won't be in your class today.He asked me to bring his term paper to your office.
W:OK.The paper is due by 3 o'clock.
M:I have a class from 1 to 2.I'll bring it to your office after my class.
W:Well,I have a meeting this afternoon.So you can drop it off with the secretary of the art history department.She'll see that I get it.
(Text 7)
W:Hello!Would you like to book a table,Sir?
M:Hello!I want to book a table for a Chinese dinner the day after tomorrow.Could you arrange it for me?
W:Certainly.But at what time?
M:At five o'clock,I'm afraid we'll come a little late after five.
W:For how many guests?
M:About ten.I have no idea how much it costs.What's the price?
W:The price of a Chinese table of dishes ranges from ＄100 to ＄500 not including drinks.
M:I prefer the highest price.
W:Very good.Would you like to have a look at the menu?
M:No,I will leave it all to you.I short,we will like to have typical Chinese food.
W:No problem.
(Text 8)
M:Well,Stella?Why do you look unhappy?
W:Oh,Bill,I have just had a quarrel with Mr. Philips.
M:Mr. Philips!What on earth was it about?
W:Well,I have made three bad mistakes so far this week.Today I forgot to give him an important message,so he got really angry with me.
M:But I don't understand.You are usually very careful and never make mistakes.
W:I'm just so tired.I don't know what I'm doing.
M:Why?Have you been going to bed late these days?
W:No.I'm usually in bed by about eleven.But I keep being worken up by half past four every morning.And then I cannot go back to sleep.
M:Why?
W:It's my neighbor,the milkman next door.He has to get up at half past four and he always turns the radio on loudly.
M:Ask him to turn it down then.
W:It's difficult.I don't know him yet.
M:If you don't want to see him,write him a letter.
W:Do you think it's a good idea?
M:Yes,I do.I'll help you with the letter.
W:OK.Let's try.
(Text 9)
W:What part of the paper are you reading?
M:Travel.
W:Are you thinking about our vacation already?
M:Yes,it's not so far away.I've been looking at some of these ads.
W:Why don't we just go to the same place we went to last year?
M:I won't stay at the hotel again.There wasn't enough to do.
W:Do you have a better idea for this year?
M:Yes,I do.Look at this ad.It looks like a good vacation to me.
W:"Three weeks.""Ten exciting ports.""Use the ship as your hotel."How much does it cost?
M:We'd have to call the travel office to get the price.
W:It must be expensive if they don't give the price in the ad.And besides,I'd rather we stayed in one place.
M:I don't want to sit on the same beach and eat the same food and look at the same walls every day for three or four weeks.
W:You know the doctor said you shouldn't try to do too much.
M:He didn't say that I had to sit in the same chair all day long.
(Text 10)
A message for drivers going north up the M 1.A major accident has happened near the gas station named Northampton on the road.A lorry and four cars knocked into each other and the traffic is not moving at all.The police are trying to get it in order.Drivers going north have to take the A 508.The other side of the road is clear,so no problems for drivers going south.I'll just repeat that message.An accident near the gas station named Northanipton on the M 1 is blocking the traffic.Drivers going north should take the A 508.Drivers going down the M 5 please drive slowly as the part between the airport and the railway station is still being widened.The whole work will be finished in three more days.Then the traffic in this area will be much faster.That's the traffic news for now.Next news at 2 o'clock.Until then,drive carefully.