试卷类型：A
2003年高考英语仿真试题
本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至10页，第二卷11至12页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷 (三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目(A或B)用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑，如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束后，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。
第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
做题时，先将答案划在试卷上。录音内容结束后，你将有两分钟的时间将试卷上的答案转涂到答题卡上。
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。
1. Where are they most possibly?
A.At the post office. B.The bookstore. C.At the bank.
2. What's the man doing?
A.Borrowing a book. B.Buying a book.C.Reading a book.
3.Where are they?
A.At a restaurant.  B.In a museum.C.In a zoo.
4.What is the total cost for them?
A.100 yuan.B.50 yuan.   C.150 yuan.
5.Where is Mr Black now?
A.He is at the Friendship Hotel.
B.He is in the office.
C.He is at lunch.
第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面5段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。  听第6段对话，回答第6～7题。
6.What are they talking about?
A.The weather of London.    B.Travelling in Britain.    C.The traffic of London.
7.What does the woman think of the London buses?
A.Rather slow.B.Very good.C.Too expensive.
听第7段对话，回答第8～10题。
8.Why was the boy a bit nervous?
A.He was a newcomer to the school.
B.He was afraid of getting up early.
C.He didn't prepare for the exams.
9.What must the students do before morning reading?
A.Do morning exercises.
B.Turn in homework.
C.Copy words and expressions.
10.What can they do if they feel hungry?
A.Have something to eat in class.
B.Buy something to eat during the break.
C.Ask the teacher for some food.
听第8段对话，回答第11～13题。
11.What did the woman go to the office for?
A.To ask for a job.   B.To see her friend.  C.To make fun of the man.
12.Which place did the woman want to go?
A.A larger country.  B.A nearer country.   C.A new and different country.
13.Why did the woman dislike working in the Middle East?
A.She heated living there.
B.It was far from home.
C.She'd lived there for years.
听第9段对话，回答第14～16题。
14.Who do you think the man is?
A.A travel guide.    B.The woman's husband.C.A history teacher.
15.When was the Great Wall first built?
A.In the 3rd century BC.
B.More than 2000 years ago.
C.More than 2500 years ago.
16.How wide is the Great Wall at the base?
A.6.5 metres.B.6.4 metres.   C.5.8 metres.
    听第10段独白，回答第17～20题。
17.How old was Miss Jenkins?
A.Less than twenty.  B.Thirty. C.More than thirty.
18.Why did Miss Jenkins get fatter?
A.Because something was wrong with her.
B.Because she liked fat and sugar very much.
C.Because she never had any sports.
19.Why couldn't Miss Jenkins get on well with her workmates?
A.Because she was richer than her workmates.
B.Because she was fatter than any of her workmates.
C.Because she was often laughed at.
20.With whom did Miss Jenkins go to the restaurant?
A.With her servants.  B.By herself.  C.With her friends.
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节：单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、 D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
  21.-Do you have the time?
-Sorry,I have no watch.
-
A.What a shame.   B.Thanks anyway.   C.It doesn't matter.   D.Why not buy one?
22.At noon we reached small village east of  Summer Palace.
A.the;the;the B.a;/;the    C.a;the;the    D.a;/;/
23. The train was ten minutes late,so I have run all the way from my house to the station.
A.couldn't B.shouldn't C.needn't   D.mustn't
24.So fast  it is difficult for us to imagine its speed.
A.does light travel that   B.light travels that
C.as light travels that    D.with light travels
25.John decided that he had to do something to his anger.
A.let off  B.give off    C.give out    D.send out
26.You can't imagine that rats eat 40 to 50 times.
A.in weight B.by weight   C.of weight   D.their weight
27.she couldn't understand was fewer and fewer students showed interest in her lessons.
A.What;whyB.That;what   C.What;becauseD.Why;that
28.After the Anti-terrorist War,the American soldiers returned home, .
A.safe but tired  B.safely but tired
C.safe and tiring D.safely and tiring
29.When he was a boy,he used to go there and watch.
A.to repair bicycles B.bicycles to be repaired
C.bicycles being repaired D.repairing bicycles
30. Are you still here?You were here half an hour ago.Who  for?
A.were you waiting B.did you wait
C.are you waiting D.do you wait
31.The machines we use today are much better than we used ten years ago.
A.those   B.onesC.which D.them
32.Mary smiled her mother did when she was Mary's age.
A.what   B.as if C.the way    D.that
33.-Where can we get this medicine?
-At  chemist's.It is on sale everywhere.
A.each   B.someC.certainD.any
34.I really don't know    I had my money stolen.
A.when was it thatB.that it was when
C.where it was thatD.it was where that
35.-Why was he fined?
-He hapened to several flowers in the park.
A.be seen pick    B.be seen picking
C.be caught to pickD.catch picking
第二节：完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面的短文，掌握其大意，然后从36～55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
As Christmas is coming,there are presents to be bought,cards to be sent,and rooms to be cleaned.Parents are  36  with difficult jobs of hiding presents from curious young children.If the gifts are large,this is sometimes a real  37 .On Christmas Eve,young children find the excitement almost unbearable.They are torn between the wish to go to bed early so that Father Christmas will bring their presents quickly and the wish to  38  up late so that they will not  39  the fun.The wish for gifts usually proves stronger.But though children go to bed early,they often lie  40  for a long time,hoping to get a short  41  at Father Christmas.
Last Christmas,my wife and I  42  hid a few large presents in the storeroom.I   43   the moment when my son,Jimmy,would  44  me where that new bike had come from,but  45  he did not see it.
On Christmas Eve, 46  took the children hours to go to sleep.It must have been nearly  47 when my wife and I went quietly into their room and began  48  stockings.Then I pushed in the  49  I bought for Jimmy and left it beside the Christmas tree.We knew we would not get much sleep that night,for the children were  50  to get up early.At about five o'clock the next morning,we were  51  by loud sounds coming from the children's room-they were shouting excitedly! 52  I had time to get out of bed,young Jimmy came riding into the room on his new bike,and his sister,Mary,followed close behind pushing her new baby carriage. 53  the baby arrived.He moved  54  the hands and knees into the room dragging a large balloon behind him.Suddenly it burst.That woke us up  55 .The day had really begun with a band(巨响)！
36.A.faced   B.met   C.filled  D.pleased
37.A.question B.matter C.problem D.business
38.A.getB.stay   C.stand  D.wake
39.A.lose    B.break  C.miss  D.leave
40.A.awake  B.wake   C.asleepD.sleep
41.A.look    B.stare   C.glare D.watch
42.A.hopefullyB.busily  C.gladlyD.successfully
43.A.liked    B.feared C.surprisedD.hated
44.A.answer  B.tell    C.ask   D.search
45.A.sadly    B.unluckily C.possibly D.fortunately
46.A.itB.they   C.ID.we
47.A.morning B.midnightC.evening D.daybreak
48.A.filling   B.sewing C.mending D.preparing
49.A.present  B.stockingC.bike   D.tree
50.A.going   B.sure    C.glad   D.excited
51.A.troubled B.frightened C.woken D.shocked
52.A.Before  B.After   C.Until   D.Since
53.A.Even   B.And    C.Soon   D.Then
54.A.with    B.onC.over    D.by
55.A.all B.nearly  C.happily D.completely
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题，每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下面的短文，从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡
上将该项涂黑。
A
Please be advised that Nairobi like any other large city has a security and crime problem.However,if you observe the following simple guidelines you will stay and have a trouble-free seminar（研讨会）:
1.Do not wear a money belt.This makes you a instant target.
2.Gameras of all kinds are a favourite with snatchers.Feel free to use them within the Starehe Campus and the hotel grounds but not in the streets.
3.Ladies handbags are also a regular snatch.Avoid carrying one,and if you must,be alert and hold on to it tightly.
4.Jewellery and even glasses with valuable frames are also often targeted.Bear this in mind.
5.When in a vehicle keep the doors always locked,and the windows only slightly open-especially at traffic lights,junctions and in slow moving traffic.
6.Beware of street children,their begging often quickly transforms into something more unpleasant.
7.Stay with the main party all the time,and avoid wandering off on your own.
8.Finally,the best defence is to be alert at all times and conscious of your environment.
Should you have any problem,query or need help at any hour of the day or night call any of the following and they will do their best for you:

56.This selection must be delivered by.
A.the Nairobe city government B.the police of the Nairobe Airport
C.the organizer of the seminar  D.Kennedy Hongo,a detective
57.After reading this notice,visitors to Nairobe might gain an impression that.
A.Fred Okono and his fellow workmates are very kind and helpful
B.Nairobe is a large city which is very developed
C.the crime problem is very serious in the city of Nairobe
D.they should not have paid a visit to Nairobe,and should buy a ticket back immediately
58.The notice tells us that .
A.something unpleasant could happen to you if you use a camera during the seminar
B.ladies must not wear handbag or any jewellery
C.in the hotels of Nairobe,it might be dangerous to stay in a single room
D.everything will be OK if you always watch out and are clear about the surroundings
B
With only about 1,000 pandas left in the world,China is desperately trying to clone （克隆）the animal and save the endangered species（物种）.That's a move similar to what a Texas A & M University researchers have been undertaking for the past five years in a project called "Noah's Ark."
    Noah's Ark is aimed at collecting eggs,embryos（胚胎）,semen and DNA of endangered animals and storing them in liquid nitrogen.If certain species should become extinct,Dr.Duane Kraemer,a professor in Texas A & M' s College of Veterinary Medicine,says there would be enough of the basic building blocks to reintroduce the species in the future.
It is estimated that as many as 2,000 species of mammals,birds reptiles will become extinct in over 100 years.The panda,native only to China,is in danger of becoming extinct in the next 25 years.
This week,Chinese scientists said they grew an embryo by introducing cells from a dead female panda into the egg cells of a Japanese white rabbit.They are now trying to implant the embryo into a host animal.
The entire procedure could take from three to five years to complete.
"The nuclear transfer（核子移植）of one species to another is not easy,and the lack of available (capable of being used) panda eggs could be a major problem,"Kraemer believes."They will probably have to do several hundred transfers to result in one pregnancy (having a baby).It takes a long time and it's difficult,but this could be groundbreaking science if it works.They are certainly not putting any live pandas at risk,so it is worth the effort,"adds Kraemer,who it one of the leaders of the Project at Texas A & M,the first-ever attempt at cloning a dog.
"They are trying to do something that's never been done,and this is very similar to our work in Noah's Ark.We're both trying to save animals that face extinciton.I certainly appreciate their effort and there's a lot we can learn form what they are attempting to do.It's a research that is very much needed."
59.The aim of "Noah's Ark"project is to.
A.make efforts to clone the endangered pandas
B.save endangered animals from dying out
C.collect DNA of endangered animals to study
D.transfer the nuclear of one animal to another
60.According to Professor Kraemer,the major problem in cloning pandas would be the lack to .
A.available panda eggs  B.host animals   C.qualified researchers   D.enough money
61.The best title for the passage may be.
A.China's Success in Pandas Cloning
B.The First Cloned Panda in the World
C.Exploring the Possibility to Clone Pandas
D.China-the Native Place of Pandas Forever
62.From the passage we know that.
A.Kraemer and his team have succeeded in cloning a dog
B.scientists try to implant a panda's egg into a rabbit
C.Kraemer will work with Chinese scientists in clone researches
D.about two thousand of species will probably die out in a century
C
The common cold is the world's most widespread illness,which is plagues （疫病）that flesh receives.
The most widespread fallacy（谬误）of all is that colds caused by cold.They are not.They are caused by viruses（病毒）passing on from person to person.You catch a cold by coming into contact,directly or indirectly,with someone who already has one.It cold causes colds,it would be reasonable to expect the Eskimos to suffer from them forever.But they do not.And in isolated arctic regions explorers have reported being free from colds until coming into contact again with infected people from the outside world by way of packages and mail dropped from airplanes.
During the First World War soldiers who spent long periods in the trenches （战壕）,cold and wet,showed no increased tendency to catch colds.
In the Second World War prisoners at the notorious Auschwitz concentration camp（奥斯维辛集中营）,naked and starving,were astonished to find that they seldom had colds.
At the Common Cold Research Unit in England,volunteers took part in Experiments in which they gave themselves to the discomforts of being cold and wet for long stretches of time.After taking hot baths,they put on bathing suits,allowed themselves to be with cold water,and then stood about dripping wet in drafty room.Some wore wet socks all day while others exercised in the rain until close to exhaustion.Not one of the volunteers came down with a cold unless a cold virus was actually dropped in his nose.
If,then,cold and wet have nothing to do with catching colds,why are they more frequent in the winter?Despite the most pains-taking research,no one has yet found the answer.One explanation offered by scientists is that people tend to stay together indoors more in cold weather than at other times,and this makes it easier for cold viruses to be passed on.
No one has yet found a cure for the cold.There are drugs and pain suppressors（止痛片）such as aspirin,but all they do is to relieve the symptoms（症状）.
63.The writer offered examples to support his argument.
A.4 B.5C.6 D.3
64.Which of the following does not agree with the chosen passage?
A.The Eskimos do not suffer from colds all the time.
B.Colds are not caused by cold.
C.People suffer from colds just because they like to stay indoors.
D.A person may catch a cold by touching someone who already had one.
65.Arctic explorers may catch colds when .
A.they are working in the isolated arctic regions
B.they are writing reports in terribly cold weather
C.they are free from work in the isolated arctic regions
D.they are coming into touch again with the outside world
66.Volunteers taking part in the experiments in the Common Cold Research Unit.
A.suffered a lot B.never cuaght colds
C.often caught colds    D.became very strong
67.The passage mainly discusses.
A.the experiments on the common cold
B.the fallacy about the common cold
C.the reason and the way people catch colds
D.the continued spread of common colds
D
Is language,like food,a basic human need?Judging from the result of the violent experiment by a German king.Frederick Ⅱ,in the 13th century,it may be.Hoping to discover what language a child would speak if the heard no mother tongue,he told the nurses to keep silent.
All the babies died before the first year.But clearly there was more than language deprivation here.What was missing was good mothering.Without good mothering,in the first year of life especially,the capacity to survive is seriously affected.
Today no such violent deprivation exists as that ordered by Frederick Ⅱ.Nevertheless,some children are still backward in speaking.Most often the reason for this is that the mother is insensitive（不敏感）to the signals of the baby,whose brain is programmed to map up language rapidly.There are critical times,it seems,when children learn more readily.If these sensitive periods are neglected（忽视）,the ideal time for gaining language skills passes and they might never be learned so easily again.
Linguists（语言学家）suggest that speech stages are reached in a fixed sequence（顺序）and at a constant age,but there are cases where speech has started late in a child who eventually turn out to be of high IQ.
Recent facts suggest that baby is born with the capacity to speak.What is special about Man's brain,compared with that of the monkeys,is the complex system which enables a child to connect the sight and feel of,say,a teddy-bear（玩具熊）with the sound pattern"teddy-bear".
But speech has to be stimulated（刺激）,and this depends on interaction between the mother and the child,where the mother recognizes the signals in the child's babbling（牙牙学语）,grasping,crying and smiling,and responds to them.Insensitivity（不敏感）of the mother to these signals dulls（使迟钝）the interaction because the child gets discouraged and sends out only the obvious signals.Sensitivity to the child's non-verbal signals in essential to the growth and development of language.
67.Frederick II's experiment was violent because.
A.he wanted to prove children are born with ability to speak
B.he paid no attention to the importance of mothering to the infant
C.he was unkind to the nurses
D.he wanted his nurses to say no mother tongue
68.The reason some children are backward in speaking today is that.
A.their mothers do not respond to their attempts to speak
B.their mothers are not intelligent enough to help them
C.they do not listen carefully to their mothers
D.their brains have to absorb too much language at once
69.By critical times in Paragraph 3 the author means.
A.difficult periods in the child's life
B.moments when the child becomes critical to its mother
C.important stages in the child's development
D.times when mothers often neglect their children
70.Which of the following is NOT implied in the passage?
A.Ability to learn to speak a language is inborn in man.
B.Children do not need to be encouraged to learn to speak.
C.Early language starters are not necessarily highly intelligent.
D.Most children learn their language in definite stages.
E
Be Healthy!Be Slim!Be Beautiful!
Discover the secret for a
Healthy,Slim,Beautiful You!
Discover how to be Healthy,Slim and Beautiful
I love this healthy diet program because it helps you lose weight,lose inches,feel healthy and look beautiful.This healthy diet is an 8-week program which is unlike other diet regimes（食物疗法）in that it focuses on proper nutritional（营养）first and weight loss second.Your body must have proper levels of minerals,vitamins,and protein（蛋白质）in order to work well.It provides a simply lifestyle change to give you more energy and improve your health most greatly.It offers control over stomach and continuing hunger with a calorie dense diet allowing 1,700 to 2,000 calories a day.If a person has a weight problem their body probably is not working at proper levels of basic nutrients.We invite you to follow this program so you can be the slim person who lives inside you.You too,can love dieting,especially if you are losing weight and losing inches!!Do you want to feel better,look.

To get started being slim just
Click Here
71.What is this passage mainly about?
A.How people should keep fit. B.A healthy diet program.
C.Some healthy people.D.Ways to lose weight.
72.What does the phrase"lose inches"mean in the passage?
A.Become shorter.    B.Become taller.
C.Become fatter. D.Become thinner.
73.What is the aim of this diet program?
A.To keep healthy first and to lose weight second.
B.To lose weight as much as possible.
C.To lose weight at the cost of the health.
D.To lose weight first and to keep healthy second.
74.Which of the following is NOT true?
A.This program makes a change in your lifestyle.
B.This program can stop you from feeling hungry all the time.
C.This program allows you 1700 to 2000 calories for each meal.
D.The pictures above show what great progress the man and the lady have made in losing weight.
75.If you "Click Here",what will you read on the Internet?
A.Some other programs.B.The content of this program.
C.Some interesting foods. D.Some products you can buy.
高考英语仿真试题（六）
第二卷(共35分)
注意事项：
1.第二卷第11至12页，用钢笔或圆珠笔直接答在试卷上。
2.答卷前将密封线内的项目填写清楚。

题 号	第一节	 第二节	 总分
分 数
第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节： 短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右
边横线上划一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（/）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
A foreign university exhibition fair held at Zhijiang    76.
Hotel on March 18.Over 50 universities from 10 countries  77.
open their doors to students who eager to go abroad to78.
continuing their further study.More and more middle school 79.
students have joined in the tide of going abroad.The80.
lower-aged group have become the new highlight of this tide. 81.
And whether early entry into international education means 82.
better education nor it pushes the young to leave their family83.
too early to discipline himself is discussed a lot by both    84.
parents and educators.How do you think of this tide of85.
going abroad?
第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
在日常生活中，因特网起着越来越重要的作用。请根据下表所给提示为某英文报写一篇题为On the Internet的征文稿。
因特网的主要用途
信息	看国内外新闻、获取其他信息
通讯	发e-mail、打电话
学习	上网上学校、阅读各种书籍、自学外语
娱乐	欣赏音乐、观看体育比赛、玩棋牌游戏
生活	购物

注意：1.征文稿必须包括表内所有信息，行文连贯通顺；
2.词数100~200词；
3.标题已给出，不计入总词数。


2003年高考英语仿真试题(六)答案

1~5 AACCC  6~10 CAABB
11~15 ACCAC16~20 ACBCB
21~25 BBCAA26~30 DAACC
31~35 ACDCB36~40 ACBCA
41~45 ADBCD46~50 ABACB
51~55 CAABD56~60 CCDBA
61~65 CDCDA66~70 CBACB
71~75 BDACB
76.held→was held
77.√
78.eager→are eager
79.continuing→continue
80.joined in→join
81.have→has
82.And→But
83.nor→or
84.himself→themselves
85.How→What
One possible version:
On the Internet
The Internet is playing a more and more important part in our daily life.(2分)On the net,we can learn news both at home and abroad and all kinds of other information as well.（4分）We can also send messages by'e mail,make phone calls（4分）,go to net school,read various kinds of books and learn foreign languages by ourselves.（4分）Besides,we can enjoy music,watch sports matches and play chess or cards.（4分）On the net,we can even do shopping,have a chat with others and make friends with them.（4分）In a word,the internet has made our life more colourful.
听力部分录音稿
第一节
(Text 1)
M:Good morning,madam.What can I do for you?
W:Good morning.How much should I pay for these books to be sent to New York?
M:Hm,twenty dollars.
(Text 2)
M:What can I do if I can't finish reading it in a week.
W:You may come and renew it.
(Text 3)
W:Look at those monkeys running around the rock hill.See that mother monkey,she is carrying her baby in her arms.
M:Yes,isn't it interesting?
(Text 4)
W:How much will it cost for my daughter and me to go to Wuhan?
M:It's 100 yuan for you and half of the price for your daughter,as she is below one meter.
(Text 5)
M:Good afternoon.This is Mr.White at the Friendship Hotel.Is Mr.Black there?
W:No,he is out for lunch.I'll be glad to take a message.
第二节
(Text 6)
M:Have you traveled much in Britain?
W:No,not much.But I travel quite a lot in London every day.
M:What do you think of London traffic?
W:I think the London underground is OK because it's fast and comfortable.But I also like your London buses,especially for short journeys.
M:But don't you think the buses are rather slow?
W:Yes,I do.Particularly in rush hours.
M:What about London taxis?
W:Taxis often get us in traffic jams,and besides,they're too expensive.
M:Well,what do you think is the best way to travel in London?
W:The London undergrounds,I think.
(Text 7)
W:Hello,Ben.You're getting ready for tomorrow's lessons,aren't you?
M:Yes.I'm a bit nervous.I have no idea what'll happen in class and how I'll get along with my classmates.
W:I understand how you're feeling.Just take it easy.You'll make a lot of new friends very soon.
M:Thank you.I'll try my best to get used to my new school life as soon as possible.By the way,what time does the first class begin?
W:At 8 o'clock.But before that we have 10 minutes to hand in homework and then 20 minutes for morning reading.
M:So we must get to school before 7:30 Right?
W:Right.
M:How long does each class last?
W:45 minutes,I think,with a 10 or 15 minutes' break.
M:Well,I hear that lunchtime is nearly 12 o'clock and I'll be starving by then.
W:Don't worry.During the break after the second class,we can buy something to eat.
M:That's good.
(Text 8)
M:Mrs Smith,we're very pleased that you want to work for our company.I wonder if you'd be interested in working in India.
W:India?But I've lived there.I was there for four years.
M:How about Brazil?
W:Brazil?No,I've worked there.
M:Well,would you consider the Middle East?
W:Certainly not.I've worked there,too.I spent three years there.
M:Well,there's China,perhaps.
W:No,not China.I've seen China.
M:It's a big country.
W:Yes,and I've lived there for a long time.Can't you find any other country?
M:Well,there's this island in the Pacific.
W:Island?Which island?I've lived there.
M:But,Mrs Smith,there are thousands of islands,as we all know.
W:Well,I've seen them all.Really,can't you let me go to a different country from those you've mentioned?
(Text 9)
M:Well,this is it!What do you think of it?
W:I can hardly believe it's real.I've dreamed of seeing it ever since I saw it in books when I was a child.Just think of all this being built by hand more than 2000 years ago!No wonder it's one of the wonders of the world.
M:Actually it was started more than 2500 years ago,when China was divided into various states.Three of the northern states built defensive walls along the borders to keep off the enemies.
W:But I thought the wall had always been built by Qin Shi Huang,the first Emperor of China.
M:Well,yes.You see he united the whole country in the third century BC,and one of the things he did was to join the departed walls into one wall and built more walls from the East Coast right across the length of north China to the west.
W:It is certainly something any nation could be proud of.I hear this is the only human construction on earth that can be seen from the moon.By the way,how high is the wall?
M:The average height is 7 metres,the average width is 6.5 metres at the base and 5.8 at the top.Would you like to go to the top?
W:Yes!I'd like to have a look from the top.
(Text 10)
Miss Jenkins was born in a rich family.She liked all the foods which were rich in fat and sugar.So she got fatter and fatter.Her workmates often laughed at her for it.She was angry with them and couldn't get on well with them.But her weight brought her some trouble.No young man liked a fat girl like her and now she was more than thirty,she had to live alone.She went to see the doctors.They gave her a list of the healthy diets and advised her to lose weight and of course it was difficult for her to do so.For example,it was her birthday one day.She went to a restaurant and bought a nice cake.The waiter asked her how many pieces she wanted him to cut it into.She thought for a while and said she was losing her weight so the cake would be cut only into two,not into six.