北京安徽内蒙古三地2001年春季高考英语试卷
本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分，第一卷1-14页，第二卷1-4页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三大题，共95分)
Ⅰ、单项填空(共25小题，每小题1分；满分25分)
A)从A、B、C、D中找出其划线部分与所给单词的划线部分读音相同的选项
例：have
A. gave B. save C. hat D. made
1. comb
A. doubt B.trouble C. club D.lab
2. cousin
A. ough B.plough C.June D.rush
3. worthy
A.health B.further C.cloth D.through
4.curtain
A.fruit B.order C.firm D.nervous
5. height
A.eight B.ceiling C.fihgt D.lift
B)从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳答案。
例：We last night , but we went to the concert instead.
A. must have studied B. might study
C. should have studied D. would study
答案是c
6. --write to me when you get home.
-- .
A. I must B. I should
D. I will D. I can
7. Would you slow down a bit , please ? I can't you .
A. keep up with B. put up with
C. make up to D. hold on to
8. at the door before cntering please.
A. Knocked B. To knock
C. Knocking D. Knock
9. The men will have to wait all day the doctor works faster.
A. if B. unless
C. where D. that
10. Mr Smith ,there's a man at front door who says he has news for you of great importance.
A. the ;不填 B.the ; the
C.不填；不填 D.不填；the
11. John said he'd been working in the office for an hour, was true.
A.he B.this
C. which D. who
12. Hundreds of jobs if the factory closes.
A. lose B. will be lost
C. are lost D. will lose
13. If this dictionary is not yours, can it be ?
A. what else B. who else
C. whicn else's D. who else's
14. -Did you remember to give Mary the money you owed her?
-Yes,.I gave it to her I saw her.
A. while B. the moment
C. suddenly D. once
15. I've won a holiday for two to Florida. I my mum.
A. am taking B. have taken
C. take D. will have taken
16. -Why haven't you bought any butter?
- I to but I forgot about it.
A. liked B. wished
C. meant D. expected
17. A new cinema here. They hope to finish it next month.
A. will be built B. is built
C. has been built D. is being built
18. I read about it in some book or other , does it matter it was?
A. where B. what
C. how D. which
19. Many people have helped with canned food, however, the food bank needs for the poor.
A. more B. much
C. many D. most
20.Have a good rest, you need to your energy gor the tennis match this afternoon.
A. leve B . save
C. hold D . get
21. late in the morning, Bob turned off the alarm.
A . To sleep B . Sleeping
C. Sleep D. Having
22. In that case, there is nothing you can do ___ than wait.
A. more B. other
C. better D. any
23. I am surprised that you should have been fooled by such a(an)trick.
A. ordinary B. easy
C.smart D. simple
24. One learns a language by making mistakes and__ them.
A. correct B. correcting
C. corrects D. to correct
25.__ can you expect to get a pay rise.
A. With a hard work
B. Although work hard
C. Only with hard work
D. Now that he works hard
Ⅱ.完型填空(共25小题，每小题1分；满分25分)
阅读下面短文,掌握其大意,然后从26-50各题所给的四个选项中,选出一个最佳答案。
People do not analyse every problem they meet. Sometimes they try to remember a solution from the last time they had a 26 problem. They often accept the opinion or ideas of other people. Other times they begin to act without 27 ;they try to find a solution by trial and error. 28 ,when all of these methods 29 ,the person with a problem has to start analysing. There are six 30 in analysing a problem.
31 the person must recognise that there is a problem. For example,Sam's bicycle is broken, and he cannot ride it to class as he usually does. Sam must 32 that there is a problem with his bicycle.
Next the person must 33 the problem. Before Sam can repair his bicycle, he must know why it does not work. For example, he must 34 the parts that are wrong.
Now the person must look for 35 that will make the problem clearer and lead to 36 solutions. For example, suppose Sam 37 that his bike does not work because there is something wrong with the brakes. 38 he can look in his bicycle repair book and read about brakes, 39 his friends at the bike shop, or look at his brakes carefully.
After 40 the problem, the person should have 41 suggestions for a possible solution. Take Sam as an example 42 , his suggestions might be: tighten or loosen the brakes; buy new brakes and change the old ones.
In the end, one 43 seems to be the solution 44 the problem. Sometimes the 45 idea comes quite 46 because the thinker suddenly sees something in a 47 way. Sam ,for example, suddenly sees there is a piece of chewing gum(口香糖) stuck to a brake. He 48 hits on the solution to his problem: he must 49 the brake.
Finally the solution is 50 . Sam does it and finds his bicycle works perfectly. In short he has solved the problem.
26. A serious B usual C similar D common
27. A practice B thinking C understanding D help
28. A Besides B Instead C Otherwise D However
29. A. fail B. work C. change D. develop
30. A. ways B. conditions C. stages D. orders
31. A. First B. Usually C. In general D. Most importantly
32. A. explain B. prove C. show D. see
33. A. judge B. find C. describe D. face
34. A. check B. determine C. correct D. recover
35. A. answers B. skills C. explanation D. information
36. A. possible B. exact C. real D. special
37. A. hopes B. argues C. decides D. suggests
38. A. In other words B. Once in a while
C. First of all D. At this time
39. A. look for B. talk to C. agree with D. depende on
40. A. discussing B. settling down C. comparing with D. stuying
41. A. extra B. enough C. several D. countless
42. A. secondly B. again C. also D. alone
43. A. suggestion B. conclusion C. decision D. discovery
44. A. with B. into C. for D. to
45. A. next B. clear C. final D. new
46. A. unexpectedly B. late C.clearly D. often
47. A. simple B. different C. quick D. sudden
48. A. fortunately B. easily C. clearly D.immediately
49. A. clean B. separate C. loosen D. remove
50. A. recorded B. completed C. tested D. accepeted
三、阅读理解(共25小题。A节每小题2分，B节每小题1分；满分45分)
A)阅读下列短文，从每题所给的四个选项中，选出一个最佳答案。
Every year thousands of tourists visit Pompeii, Italy. They see the sights that Pompeii is famous for -its stadium(运动场)and theatres , its shops and restaurants. The tourists do not , however, see Pompeii's people. They do not see them because Pompeii has no people. No one has lived in Pompeii for almost 2000 years.
Once ,Pompeii was a busy city of 22000 people. It lay at the foot of Mount Vesuvius, a grass-covered volcano(火山).Mount Vesuvius had not erupted (喷发)for centuries ,so the people lf Pompeii felt safe.But they were not.
In August of AD 79,Mount Vesuvius erupted. The entire top of the mountain exploded, and a huge black cloud rose into the air. Soon stones and hot ash began to fall on Pompeii. When the eruption ended two days later, Pompeii was buried under 20 feet of stones and ashes. Almost all of its people were dead.
For cneturies, Pompeii lay buried under stone and ash. Then, in the year 1861,an Italian scientist named Ginseppe began to uncover Pompeii. Slowly, carefully, Ginseppe and his men dug. The city looked almost the same as it had looked in AD 79. There were streets and fountains, houses and shops. There was a stadium with 20000 seats. Perhaps the most important of all,there were everyday objects , whicn tell us a great deal about the people who lived in Pompeii. Many glasses and jars had some dark blue collue in the bottom, so we know that the people of Pompeii liked wine.They likde bread, too; metal bread pans were in veery bakery.In one bakery there were 81 round, flat loaves of bread- a type of bread that is still sold in Italy today. Tiny boxes filled with a dark , shiny powder tell us that women liked to wear eye-makeup.
Ginseppe has died , but his work comtinues. One-fourth has not been uncovered yet. Scientists are still digging, still making discoveries that draw the tourists to Pompeii.
51. Why do large numbers of people come to Pompeii each year?
A.TO visit the volcano.
B. TO shop and eat there.
C. To watch sports and plays.
D. To see how Pompeiians lived.
52. Why had so many Pompeiians remained by volcanic Mount Vesuvius?
A. The city nearby offered all kinds of fun.
B. The area produced the finest wine in Italy.
C. Few people expected the volcano to erupt again.
D. The mountain was beautiful and covered with grass.
53. Why did the city uncovered look almost the same as it had looked in AD 79?
A. Because Ginseppe and his men dug it slowly and carefully.
B. Because the city was buried alive and remained untouched.
C. Because scientists successfully rebuilt the city with everyday objects.
D. Because nobody had lived in the city ever since the volcano erupted.
54.What do we know about the Pompeiians who lived 2000 years ago?
A. They lived more or less the same as Italians now do.
B. They liked women wearing all kinds of makeup.
C. They enjoyed a lazy life with drinking and eating.
D. They went back to Pompeii after the eruption in AD 79.
B
When I was a boy, I belonged to the Boy Scouts(童子军)，so I used to go camping every summer ,and once something happened which I have never been able to explain.
We were camping in a place above a river. After arriving,we all rushed down to the river and had a swim. Standing by the river, we noticed that it was surrounded(环绕)by cliffs(悬崖).If someone wanted to reach the river at this point, he had to past our camp.
Several days later, the scoutmaster had to be away for a day. That afternoon, we had supper early. We were sitting round the fire, eating and talking, when a man walked past and went down towards the river. We all felt that this man looked very strange, but, because each of us was afraid of looking very stupid, no one said anything.
We ate rather slowly, taking as long as possible. After finishing, we collected our plates together so that we could take them to the river where we always washed them. But no one moved towards the river -we stood looking at each other ashamed. Then all shouting at once, we began talking about the man who had walked past us. We agreed how strange he looked and we wondered what he could be doing by the river. We knew that he could only return by passing through our camp.
An hour passed. Then one of the boys suggested we should creep(悄悄移动)down by the river so that we could see what the man was doing. Mooving very slowly and keeping in the shadow, we crept down towards the bank. One boy climbed a tree so that he could see everything clearly. He called to us that there was no one there, so we ran down to the bank, looking everywhere carefully. We could not understand where the man had gone.
When it got dark , we went back to our camp feeling bewildered. We told the scoutmaster what had happened in the evening. Smiling, he doubted that we had seen the man , but finally suggested we go and look again. We did, but there was no one there.
Many years have passed, but I still remember it as if it were yesterday. What did we see? I do not know.
55. The writer in the text mainly tells us .
A. the story of his childhood B. a strange camping experience
C. about a stranger by the river D. about a good place for caming
56. Why did the boys eat their supper slowly?
A. They wanted to dealy going to the river bank.
B. They were waiting for their scoutmaster.
C. They had a supper earlier than usual .
D. They were talking while eating.
57. The word "bewildered" in the text probably mians .
A. ashamed B. nervous
C. unable to understand D. eager to know something
58. When he heard what had happened, the scoutmaster .
A. realized who the man was
B. started to worry about the man
C. went back to look for the man
D. felt it hard to believe the boys
59. The writer still remembers the event because .
A. the boys acted foolishly
B. the camping place is biautiful
C. there has been no explanation for the event
D. he particularly enjoyed his camping that summer
C
I'm seventeen. I had worked as a box boy at a supermarket in Los Angeles. People came to the counter and you put things in their bags for them. And carried things to their cars. It was hard work.
While working, you wear a plate with your name on it. I once met someone I knew years ago. I remembered hes name and said,"Mr Castle, how are you?"we talked about this and that.As he left, he said," It was nice talking to you,Brett."I helt great,he remembered me. Then I looked down at my name plate. Oh no. he didn't remember me at all, he just resd the name plate. I wish I had put"Irving"down on my name plate. If he'd have said,"Oh yes, Irving,how could I forget you?"I'd have been ready for him. There'snothing personal here.
The manager and everyone else who were a step above the box boys often shouted orders. One of these was:you couldn't accept tips(小费)。Okay, I'm outside and I put the bags in the car. For a lot of people, the natural reaction(反应)is to take a quarter and give it to me. I'd say,''I'm sorry, I can't,"they'd get angry. When you give someone o tip, you're sort of being polite. You take a quarter and you put it in their hand and you expect them to say,"Oh,thanks a lot."When you say''I'm sorry,I can't." They'd get angry.When you give someone a tip,you're sort of being polite.You take a quarter and you put it in their hand and yo cxpect them to say, "oh , thanks a lot." When you say,"I'm sorry,I can't,"they feel a little put down. They say "No one will know."And they put it in your pocket. You say, "I really can't."It gets to a point where you almost have to hurt a person physically(身体上)to prevent him from tipping you. It was not in agreement with the store's belief in being friendly. Accepting tips was a friendly thing and made the customer feel good. I just couldn't understand the strangeness of some people's ideas. One lady actually put it in my pocket, got in the car,and drove away. I would have had to throw the quarter at her or eaten it or something.
I had decided that one year was enough. Some people needed the job to stay alive and fed. I guess I had the means and could afford to hate it and give it up.
60. what can be the best title for this text?
A. how hard life is for Box Boys
B. getting along with Customers
C. why I Gave up My Job
D. the Art of Taking Tips
61. From the second paragraph, we can infer that___.
A. the writer didn't like the impersonal part of his job
B . with a name plate,people can easily start talking
C . Mr Castle mistook Irving for Brett
D. Irving was the writer's real name
62. The box boy refused to accept tips because__
A. customers only gave small tips
B. some customers had strange ideas about tipping
C. the store forbade the box boys to take tips
D. he didn't want to fight with the customers
63. The underlined phras"put down"in the third paragraph probably means__
A. misunderstood
B. dEfeated
C. hateful
D. hurt
D
You are what you eat. This saying has provided scientists with clues(线索)about the diet of hominids- our early relatives of 3 million years ago.
Studying carbon atoms(碳原子)locked up in tooth enamel(珐琅质),two researchers argue against the widely held belief that hominids ate little more than fruits and leaves. Sponheimer and Julia Lee-Thorp of the University of Cape Town,South Africa, report their findings in Friday's Science.
There aren't many clues for us to know the life of early hominids. The shape of hominids'teeth offered the first clues. Large and flat-edged with thick enamel, they looked perfect for eating nuts and fruits, different from the sharp teeth one would want to tear into meat with. The first stone tools, which would help in eating meat, didn't appear until about half a million years later.
Scientists have also found marks on hominids'teeth with patterns very similar to those on the teeth of modern-day fruit eaters. Sponheimer and Lee-Thorp tried a new method ,looking at the chemical composition of the tooth enamel.They studied the enamel for the carbon-13. Animals that eat grasses have higher carbon-13 levels than those eating fruits and other plants.
What they found was that the teeth to the hominids had an in-between amount of carbon-13, which meant not only they were eating fruits, they were eating a lot of grasses, or animals eating grasses. The lower carbon-13 levels could also come from eating certain types of insects (昆虫).
But there are people who understand differently. Prof. Ungar of the University of Arkansas agrees the study offers new suggestions of hominids diet, but disagrees about the suggestion that meat could explain the lower carbon-13 levels .
One suggestion might be true though-take good care of your teeth .In 3 million years,a scientist might be using them to figure out what you ate for dinner.
64. Which of the following can be the best title for the text?
A. Protect Your Teeth B.What the Hominid Ate
C. Where the Hominid lived D. The Formation of Teeth Enamel
65. Before the two scientists' findings, most people thought that hominids______.
A. lived half a million years ago
B. ate mainly fruits and leaves
C. used tools to dig grass
D. had sharp teeth.
66. The two scientists'findings werer mainly based on the study about _____.
A. the shape of hominids' teeth
B. the teeth marks of early fruit eaters
C. the grasses of 3 million years ago
D. the make-up of the tooth enamel
67. What is it that Prof. Ungar finds doubtful?
A. Hominids possibly ate grass-eating animals.
B. Hominids probably had different diets.
C. Hominids were basically fruit- and grass-eaters.
D. Hominids had lower level of carbon-13 in the teeth.
E
HOW TO BOOK
Booking opens for Beckett Shorts on 8 September. BY TELEPHPNEFor credit card (信用卡) bookings.Calls are answered.    BOX OFFICE01789 295623 9am 8pm(Mon-Sat) 0541 541051 (24hours, 7days, no booking charge) .BY FAXFor credit card bookings.Please allow at least 48 hours for reply,if required.    BOX OFFICE01789  261974  or 01862  387765　BY POSTPlease enclose (附上) a cheque or credit card details together with an SAE or add 50p to the total anount (总额) to cover postage. Please send to the Box Office, RST, Stratford-upon-Avon,CV37 6BB.	Booking opens for all other plays on 19 September. IN PERSON    BOX OFFICERST hall,9:30am - 8pm(Mon -Sat) (6pm when theatres are closed).　OVERSEAS BOOKING The easiest method of payment is by credit card. You can also pay by : Eurocheque (up to ￡500)with your card number written on the back.　PAYING FOR YOUR TICKETS    CREDIT CARDS We accept Visa,Master Card,American Express and Diners Club. Please five the card number, name and address of cardholder.    CHEQUES Cheques and postal orders should be payable to : Royal Shakespeare Theatre.　
68.In which of the following ways of booking does one probably have to pay extra money?
A. in person
B. by telephone
C. by fax
D. by post
69. One has to wait for 2 days or longer for a reply if he/she pays ______.
A. in person B. by telephone
C. by fax D. by post
70. What is a useful number to call at 11 am study?
A. 01789 295623 B. 0541 541051
C. 01789 261174 D. 01862 387665
B)根据对话内容，从对话后的选项中选出能填入空白处的最佳选项。选项中有两项为多余选项。
Mrs Jackson: Hello?
Richard: Mum, it's Richard. 71
M: Oh, Richard . 72
R: Yes, yes, fine, I was wondering...do you think you could lend me some money till the end of the month?
M: Oh, Richard . 73 You really must learn to plan your money properly.
R: Look ,Mum, if you can just help me out this time , 74
M: 75 Listen ,I'll do it this time . This is really the last time .
R: Oh, thanks, Mum.
M: Bye...and next time ,you could phone just for chat !
A: Don't tell me you're buying another expensive conputer.
B: How are you ?
C: I promise I'll be more careful in future.
D: Er...I Will help you save money .
E: Is everything all right with you ?
F: Well, we'll see about that .
G: I'm so glad to get your call.
第二卷(共55分)
四、单词拼写(共10小题，每小题1分；满分10分)
根据下列句子所给单词的首字母，在句子右边的横线上，写出空缺处各单词的正确形式。(每空只写一词)
76. The game was a great success in the United States and it soon s__to Australia and then to other English-speaking countries. 76______.
77. The colleges and universities were only for men , and women were not p_ to attend. 77______.
78. Train services are now back to n after last week's strike in NEW York. 78______.
79. There's no need to get angry , I m suggested that you should do that again. 79______.
80. Put on your c , it's very cold outside. 80______.
81. Can I have a glass of t__ juice, please? 81______.82. The fish smells; I don't think it's quite f___. 82.__________
83. Tom is preparing for an exam .Don't d____ him. 83.__________
84. Alice s____, if ever, reads a book. 84.__________
85.We were c_____ to know where she'd gone 85.__________
V.短文改错(共10小题，每小题1.5分；满分15分)
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上画一个勾(√)；如有错误(每行只有一个错误)，则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线(／)划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词；在缺词处加一个漏字符号(∧)，在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
I used to love science class-all of them- 86____ biology, chemistry ,geography, physics, I think I 87____ liked those classes because I felt that it helped me 88____ understand what the world works. For example , when 89____ I was a child , the rain was a mystery(奥秘). In one 90____ Class, I learned it rained. I think science classes 91____ clear up mysteries .But then there is always more 92____ mysteries look into . What was my least favourite class? 93____ That was math. After learn the basics of the subjects, 94____ nothing else seemed very practically to me . I never 95____ saw how I could use it in my daily life.
Ⅵ、书面表达(满分30分)
假定你是李华，你所在的学校拟在下个月举办美国电影节(American Film Festival)。请你根据以下要点给你的美国朋友Peter写一封短信，邀请他给学生做一次讲座。信的主要内容包括：
1.讲座目的：使学生对美国电影有所了解；
2.讲座内容：简要介绍美国电影(制片)业的历史；
3.讲座时间：1小时30分钟左右。
注意：
1.可以适当增加细节，使结构完整；
2.词数100左右。