北京市西城区2003年抽样测试
高三英语试卷
2003．5

本试卷分第一卷（选择题）和第二卷（非选择题）两部分。共150分。考试时间120分钟。
第一卷（三部分，共115分）
第一部分：听力（略）
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节  单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。

例：It is generally considered unwise to give a child_________ he or she wants.
A. howeverB. whateverC. whichever   D. whenever
答案是B。

21 -When did he go to America?
-Oh he ____ there since half a year ago.
A. went   B. has been  C. has gone  D. was

22____ British people always talk about ____ weather.
A. The; the B. 不填; 不填   C.不填; the   D. The; 不填

23-What kind of food would you like to eat?
-___ but Japanese.
-How about Korean, then?
A. AnythingB. Something  C. Everything   D. Nothing

24. The happy look on his face ____ that he had passed the final examination successfully.
A. explained  B. suggested  C. expressed  D. described

25.After five hours' drive, they reached ____ they thought was the place they'd been dreaming of.
A. thatB. whereC. whichD. what

26. On Sundays when I was a child, Father and I ____ get up early and go fishing.
A. couldB. wouldC mightD. should

27.The eighteen - storeyed building, when ____, will shut out the sun ____ up the rooms in my house.
A. completed; lightedB. completing; lighting
C. completing; lightedD. completed; lighting

28.As a result of the heavy snow, the highway has been closed up until further ____.
A. newsB. informationC. noticeD. message

29.The hard - working peasants and their happy life ____ we saw in the countryside made a wonderful impression (印象) on us.
A．不填  B. who   C. which  D. whom

30.-You speak very good English.
-   .
A. And so do youB. Far from very good
C . Worse than you doD . Thanks for your praise

31.You ____ things about. Look, what a mess in your room!
A. always throwB. have always thrown
C. are always throwingD. have always been throwing

32.The trees in that thick forest are so close together that there is hardly any room to move ____ them.
A. hetweenB. inC. amongD. across

33.The mother often tells her son to he a good boy, warning him to ____ trouble.
A. hold back fromB. keep out of
C. break away fromD. get rid of

34.Some people waste a lot of food ____ others haven't enough to eat.
A. howeverB. whenC. asD. while

35.-You keep on coughing. What's the matter?
-Oh, I've got a cold. Nothing serious, ____.
A. yetB. indeedC. thoughD. anyway

第二节 完形填空（共20小题；每题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，从短文后所给各题的四个选项（A、B、C和D）中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
In 1985 a France television company sent its reporters to the Paris Metro （地铁）. They took cameras to see what  36  would do if they saw someone  37  on the platform or trains. The incidents looked  38  but they were all done with the help of actors. However,   39  people tried to help, and most passengers  40  not to notice. In one of the incidents, a foreigner was attacked by three men. The attack was on a  41  which was quite full, and  42  the man tried to get the other passengers to help, they all  43  . This is not only a French problem. A British newspaper reported in 1991 that a (n)   44  of  Social Psychology in New York had sent his students out to  45  their own cars. The students didn't try to  46  what they were doing. About 80 people  47  250 car thefts, and only twelve of them tried to  48  the student robbers. In a typical (经典的)   49 ,one man stopped, looked, and then put his hands over his  50  and shouted "I didn't see that!" About forty people  51  to help the thieves, and two people  52  sat down next to the car and waited to buy a camera and television set a  53  was taking from the back seat of his own car. The professor wonders whether it's a problem of  54  cities or would be the same thing as happens 55
36. A. travelersB. touristsC. citizensD. passengers
37. A. stolenB. followedC. attackedD. lost
38.A.realB. falseC. perfectD. successful
39.A.quite a fewB. quite a lot ofC. very fewD. nearly no
40.A.happenedB. seemedC. managedD. pretended
41 .A. busB. planeC. shipD. train
42.A.even ifB. althoughC. yetI) . however
43. A. escapedB. refusedC. staredD. obeyed
44.A.oflicialB. reporterC. journalistD. professor
45.A.robB. damageC. breakD. destroy
46.A.tellB. showC. hideD. explain
47. A. recognizedB. watchedC. discoveredD. found
48. A. helpB. punishC. arrestD. stop
49. A. accidentB. experienceC. incidentD. place
50.A.headB. eyesC. mouthD. ears
51 .A. offeredB. regrettedC. hatedD. expected
52.A.reallyB. luckilyC. actuallyD. especially
53.A.thiefB. studentC. personD. helper
54.A.bigB. smallC. farawayD. nearby
55. A. anywhereB. somewhereC. anytimeD. sometime

第三部分：阅读理解(共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分)
阅读下列短文,从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、和D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
(A)

Joan Chen is famous both in China, where she grew up, and in the United States，where she now lives. How did Joan become a famous actress in two countries? It's an interesting story.
Joan Chen was born in Shanghai in 1961. When she was 14, some people from a film studio (制片厂) came to her school and chose her to stud
本试卷分第一卷（选择题）和第二卷（非选择题）两部分。共150分。考试时间120分钟。
第一卷（三部分，共115分）
第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。

例： How much is the shirt?
A.$19.15.B. $9.15.   C. $9.18.
答案是B。

1.What does the woman suggest?
 A. They don't have to go to the concert.
B. His brother will let them use the car.
C. The bus is fine with them.

2.On which days next week will the man have examinations?
A. Every day except Thursday .
B. Monday, Wednesday and Friday .
C. Monday, Tuesday arid Friday.

3.How long did it take the man to write his paper?
A.  Less than an hour and a half.
B.Not more than half an hour.
C.More than an hour and a hall..

4. Why is the woman moving?
A.The present room is too expensive.
B.She needs a quieter place.
C.She doesn't like to listen to the radio.

5. What will probably happen to the woman?
A.Miss her train.
B.Catch her train.
C.Cancel her train.

第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面6段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各个小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段对话或独白读两遍。

听第6段材料，回答第6至7题。
6.When will Miss Grace leave?
A. This afternoon. B. This Sunday.   C. Next week.

7.What must the woman do first?
A. Go to school.B. Go to hospital.  C. Go to the party.

听第7段材料，回答第8至9题。
8.Where is the conversation probably taking place?
A. In an office.B. In a house. C. In a camp.

9.Why can't they leave that night?
A. They have to get things ready.
B. They need a good sleep.
C. They have to change their tickets.

听第8段材料，回答第10至11题。
10 When will the next plane leave?
A. In 11 minutes.B. In 40 minutes.   C. In 2 hours.

11.What's the possible result?
A. The woman will buy one first class ticket.
B. The woman will buy one second class ticket.
C. The woman will buy one next day ticket.

听第9段材料，回答第12至14题。
12.What are the man and the woman talking about?
A. Mr. Brown's son.
B. Mrs. Down's son.
C. Mike's school.

13 How long does Mike stay with his classmates a day?
A. About 8 hours.
B. About 6 hours.
C. At least 10 hours.

14.How does Mike usually go to school?
A. By bus.B. In his father's car.   C. On foot.

听第10段材料，回答第15至17题。
15.What is the relationship between the people?
A. Headmaster and teacher.
B. Teacher and student.
C. Father and daughter.

16.What reason did the woman give far being late yesterday?
A. She visited her grandfather.
B. She was ill and went to the hospital.
C. Her alarm clock didn't work and the bus broke down.

17. what did the woman say about her grandmother earlier?
A. Her grandmother was going to have an operation.
B. Her grandmother had already had an operation.
C. Her grandmother was at borne.

听第11段材料，回答第18至20题。
18. Why did the speaker go to the Mexico City?
A. To practise his Spanish.
B. To visit the city.
C. To see the ancient art.

19.Why did the speaker take a taxi?
A.A taxi was faster.
B. He got lost.
C. He lost his map.

20.How did the speaker feel about his trip to the museum?
A. He was pleased to get there finally.
B. He was at a loss about what to do.
C. He was greatly disappointed

第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节  单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。

例：It is generally considered unwise to give a child_________ he or she wants.
A. howeverB. whateverC. whichever   D. whenever
答案是B。

21 -When did he go to America?
-Oh he ____ there since half a year ago.
A. went   B. has been  C. has gone  D. was

22____ British people always talk about ____ weather.
A. The; the B. 不填; 不填   C.不填; the   D. The; 不填

23-What kind of food would you like to eat?
-___ but Japanese.
-How about Korean, then?
A. AnythingB. Something  C. Everything   D. Nothing

24. The happy look on his face ____ that he had passed the final examination successfully.
A. explained  B. suggested  C. expressed  D. described

25.After five hours' drive, they reached ____ they thought was the place they'd been dreaming of.
A. thatB. whereC. whichD. what

26. On Sundays when I was a child, Father and I ____ get up early and go fishing.
A. couldB. wouldC mightD. should

27.The eighteen - storeyed building, when ____, will shut out the sun ____ up the rooms in my house.
A. completed; lightedB. completing; lighting
C. completing; lightedD. completed; lighting

28.As a result of the heavy snow, the highway has been closed up until further ____.
A. newsB. informationC. noticeD. message

29.The hard - working peasants and their happy life ____ we saw in the countryside made a wonderful impression (印象) on us.
A．不填  B. who   C. which  D. whom

30.-You speak very good English.
-   .
A. And so do youB. Far from very good
C . Worse than you doD . Thanks for your praise

31.You ____ things about. Look, what a mess in your room!
A. always throwB. have always thrown
C. are always throwingD. have always been throwing

32.The trees in that thick forest are so close together that there is hardly any room to move ____ them.
A. hetweenB. inC. amongD. across

33.The mother often tells her son to he a good boy, warning him to ____ trouble.
A. hold back fromB. keep out of
C. break away fromD. get rid of

34.Some people waste a lot of food ____ others haven't enough to eat.
A. howeverB. whenC. asD. while

35.-You keep on coughing. What's the matter?
-Oh, I've got a cold. Nothing serious, ____.
A. yetB. indeedC. thoughD. anyway

第二节 完形填空（共20小题；每题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，从短文后所给各题的四个选项（A、B、C和D）中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
In 1985 a France television company sent its reporters to the Paris Metro （地铁）. They took cameras to see what  36  would do if they saw someone  37  on the platform or trains. The incidents looked  38  but they were all done with the help of actors. However,   39  people tried to help, and most passengers  40  not to notice. In one of the incidents, a foreigner was attacked by three men. The attack was on a  41  which was quite full, and  42  the man tried to get the other passengers to help, they all  43  . This is not only a French problem. A British newspaper reported in 1991 that a (n)   44  of  Social Psychology in New York had sent his students out to  45  their own cars. The students didn't try to  46  what they were doing. About 80 people  47  250 car thefts, and only twelve of them tried to  48  the student robbers. In a typical (经典的)   49 ,one man stopped, looked, and then put his hands over his  50  and shouted "I didn't see that!" About forty people  51  to help the thieves, and two people  52  sat down next to the car and waited to buy a camera and television set a  53  was taking from the back seat of his own car. The professor wonders whether it's a problem of  54  cities or would be the same thing as happens 55
36. A. travelersB. touristsC. citizensD. passengers
37. A. stolenB. followedC. attackedD. lost
38.A.realB. falseC. perfectD. successful
39.A.quite a fewB. quite a lot ofC. very fewD. nearly no
40.A.happenedB. seemedC. managedD. pretended
41 .A. busB. planeC. shipD. train
42.A.even ifB. althoughC. yetI) . however
43. A. escapedB. refusedC. staredD. obeyed
44.A.oflicialB. reporterC. journalistD. professor
45.A.robB. damageC. breakD. destroy
46.A.tellB. showC. hideD. explain
47. A. recognizedB. watchedC. discoveredD. found
48. A. helpB. punishC. arrestD. stop
49. A. accidentB. experienceC. incidentD. place
50.A.headB. eyesC. mouthD. ears
51 .A. offeredB. regrettedC. hatedD. expected
52.A.reallyB. luckilyC. actuallyD. especially
53.A.thiefB. studentC. personD. helper
54.A.bigB. smallC. farawayD. nearby
55. A. anywhereB. somewhereC. anytimeD. sometime

第三部分：阅读理解(共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分)
阅读下列短文,从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、和D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
(A)

Joan Chen is famous both in China, where she grew up, and in the United States，where she now lives. How did Joan become a famous actress in two countries? It's an interesting story.
Joan Chen was born in Shanghai in 1961. When she was 14, some people from a film studio (制片厂) came to her school and chose her to study at the studio. She was happy about this chance, but mainly she liked the idea of getting out of school. Soon, however she discovered that she really liked acting. At age 18, she won the Golden Rooster, China's top film prize.
In the late 1970s, Joan's parents, who were doctors, moved to the United States. Joan joined them when she was 20 and went to college there. Her parents hoped she would study medicine. Instead, she majored in film and later looked for work as an actress. To work in the United States, Joan had to start all over again. She told Hollywood that she was an actress in China, but she only got some small parts in TV shows.
   One day Joan went to speak to a director who was making a movie called Tai - pan. The interview didn't go well. As she walked away, a man in a car noticed her. The man was Dino DeLaurntiis, the film's producer. He immediately offered her a leading part. A year later, she started in Bernardo Bertolucci's The Last Emperor and was on her way to worldwide fame.

56.What was turn about Joan Chen when she was 14?
A . Some people came to her school and chose her as an actress.
B. She liked to study at the studio just because she wanted to be famous.
C. The most important reason for her going to the studio was that she wouldn't like to stay at school.
D. She found she. was fond of acting even before she was 14.

57 When did she move to the States?
A. In the late 1970s.
B. After she graduated from college.
C. In the late 1980s.
D. In the early 1980s.

58.The interview with a director ____.
A. made her on the way to being famous in the world
B. led to no immediate good result
C. made her play a leading part in Tai - pan
D. gave her a chance to act in The Last Emperor

(B)

 A child who has once been pleased with a tale likes, as a rule, to have it retold in almost the same words, but this should not lead parents to treat printed fairy stories as formal texts. It is always much better to tell a story than read it out of a book, and, if a parent can produce what, in the actual situation of the time and the child, is an improvement on the printed text, so much the better.
   A charge made against fairy tales is that they harm the child by frightening him or making him sad thinking. To prove the latter, one would have to show in a controlled experiment that children who have read fairy stories were more often sorry for cruelty than those who had not. As to fears, there are, I think, some cases of children being dangerously terrified by some fairy story. Often, however, this arises (出现) from the child having heard the story once. Familiarity with the story by repetition turns the pain of fear into the pleasure of a fear faced and mastered.
   There are also people who object to fairy stories on the grounds that they are not objectively true,  that giants, witches, two - headed dragons, magic carpets, etc. do not exist; and that,  instead of being fond of the strange side in fairy tales, the child should be taught to learn the reality by studying history. I find such people, I must say so peculiar (奇怪的) that I do not know how to argue with them. If their case were sound, the world should be full of mad men attempting to fly from New York to Philadelphia on a stick or covering a telephone with kisses in the belief that it was their beloved girl -friend.
   No fairy story ever declared to be a description of the real world and no clever child has ever believed that it was.

59.The author considers that a fairy story is more effective when it is ____ .
A . repeated without any change  B. treated as a joke
C. made some changes by the parent  D. set in the present

60.According to the passage, great fear can take place in a child when the story is ____ .
A. in a realistic setting     B. heard for the first time
C. repeated too often  D. told in a different way

61.The advantage claimed (提出) for repeating fairy stories to young children is that it ____.
A. makes them less fearful
B. develops their power of memory
C. makes them believe there is nothing to be afraid of
D. encourages them not to have strange beliefs

62.The author's mention of sticks and telephones is meant to suggest that ______.
A. fairy stories are still being made up
B. there is some misunderstanding about fairy tales
C. people try to modernize old fairy stories
D. there is more concern for children's fears nowadays

63. One of the reasons why some people are not in favor of fairy tales is that _______.
A. they are full of imagination
B. they just make up the stories which are far from the truth
C. they are not interesting
D. they make teachers of history difficult to teach

(C)
   With the possible exception of equal rights, perhaps the most heated argument across the United States today is the death penalty (死刑). Many argue that it is an effective deterrent (威慑) to murder, while others think there is no enough proof that the death penalty reduces the number of murders.
   The argument advanced by those opposed （反对） to the death penalty is that it is cruel and inhuman punishment, that it is tile mark of a bad society and finally that it is of questionable effectiveness as a deterrent to crime (罪行) anyway.
   In our opinion, the death penalty is a necessary action. Throughout recorded history there have always been those peculiar persons in every society who made terrible crimes such as murder. But some are more dangerous than others.
  For example, it is one thing to take the life of another in time of blind anger, but quite another to coldly plan and carry out the murder of one or more people in the style of a butcher. Thus, murder, like all other crimes, is a matter of different degree. While it could be argued with some reason that the criminal in the first instance should be merely kept from society, such should not be the fate of the latter type murderer.
   The value of the death penalty as a deterrent to crime may be open to discussion. But the majority of people believe that the death penalty protects them. Their belief is proved by the fact that the death penalty prevents murder. For example, from 1954 to 1963, when the death penalty was carried out from time to time in California, the murder rate remained between three and four murders for each 100, 000 population. Since 1964 the death penalty has been done only once, and the muder rate has risen to10.4 murders for each 100, 000 population. The sharp climb in the state's murder rate, which began when killings stopped, does not happen by chance. It certainly shows that the death penalty does deter many murderers. If the law about death penalty is vetoed (否决), some people will be murdered- some whose lives may have been saved if the death penalty were in effect. This is really a life or death matter. The lives of thousands of people must be protected.

64.The main purpose of this passage is to _____.
A. speak for the majorityB. support a veto
C. speak ill of the governmentD. argue for the value of the death penalty

65.Which of the following is among the heated arguments across the USA besides death penalty?
A. Air pollution.B. The war against Iraq.
C. Equal rights.D. Election of president.

66.The numbers in the last paragraph show that ______.
A. if they stick to death penalty, the number of murders will be reduced
B. death penalty almost stopped from 1954 to 1963
C. the population of California has risen
D. death penalty is of little value

67.It can be inferred that the writer thinks that ______.
A. the death penalty is the most important problem in the United States today
B. the second type of murderers (in Paragraph 4) should be sentenced to death
C. the veto of the law about death penalty is of little importance
D. the value of the death penalty as a deterrent to crime is not to be discussed

(D)
   Technology has been an encouragement of historical change. It acted as such a force in England beginning in the eighteenth century, and across the entire Western World in the nineteenth. Rapid advances were made in the use of scientific findings in the manufacture (制造) of goods, which has changed ideas about work. One of the first changes was that other forms of energy have taken the place of human power. Along with this came the increased use of machines to manufacture products in less time. People also developed machines that could produce the same parts for a product: each nail was exactly like every other nail, meaning that each nail could be changed for every other nail. This means that goods could be mass production, although mass production required breaking production down into smaller and smaller tasks.
   Once this was (lone, workers no longer started on the product and labored to complete it. Instead, they might work only one thousandth of it, other workers completing their own parts in certain order. There is nothing strange about this manufacturing work by today's standards. Highly skilled workers were unable to compare with the new production techniques, as mass production allowed goods of high standard to be produced in greater number than could ever be done by hand. But the skilled worker wasn't the only loser, the common workers lost too. Similar changes forced farmer away. The increased mechanization (机械化) of agriculture freed masses of workers from ploughing the land and harvesting its crops. They had little choice but to stream toward the rapidly developing industrial centers. Increasingly, standards were set by machines. Workers no longer owned their own tools, their skill was no longer valued, and pride in their work was no longer possible. Workers fed, looked after and repaired the machines that could work faster than humans at greatly reduced cost.

68. In this passage, which of the following is NOT considered as a change caused by the use of scientific findings in the production of goods?
A. Other forms of energy have taken the place of human power.
B. The increased exploitation of workers in the 19th century.
C. The increased use of machines to make products in less time.
D. The use of machines producing parts of the same standard.

69. The underlined word this in the first paragraph refers to ____
A. the use of scientific findings
B. the practice of producing the same parts for a product
C. the human power being replaced by other forms of energy
D. the technology becoming the encouragement of historical change

70.The underlined word this in the second paragraph refers to the change that ______
A. each nail could be taken the place of by every other nail
B. each nail was exactly like every other nail
C. producing tasks became smaller and smaller
D. goods could be mass produced

71.According to the writer, highly skilled workers ______
A. completely disappeared with the coming of the factory system
B. were dismissed by the boss
C. were unable to produce goods of high standard
D. were unable to produce fine goods at that same speed as machines

72.According to the passage, what did the farmers have to do with the coming of mechanization of agriculture?
A. Many of them had to leave their farmland for industrial centers.
B. They stuck to their farm work.
C. They refused to use machines.
D They did their best to learn how to use the machines.

(E)

Wind is the great maker of waves. There are exceptions, such as the tidal (潮汐的) waves sometimes produced by earthquakes under the sea. But the waves most of us know are produced by winds blowing over the sea .
Now before constructing an imaginary life history of a typical wave, we need to know certain
physical things about it. A wave has height, from trough ( low point) to crest ( high Point) . It has lengh-the distance from this crest to that of the following wave. The period of the wave means the time it takes for succeeding crests to pass a fixed point. None of these things stays the same--for all depend upon the wind, upon the depth of the water and many other matters.
The water that makes up a wave does not advance with it across the sea. Each drop of water turns around in a little circle with the passing of the wave, but returns very nearly to its original position. And it is fortunate that this is so. For if the huge masses of water that make up a wave actually moved across the sea, sailing would be impossible.
If we want to find the speed of a wave, we may use the following way :
Speed = wavelength × frequency
Here, wavelength is the distance between two high points (crests) , frequency means the number of cycles per second .



73.What causes waves?
A. Earthquakes and nothing else.B. Only wind.
C. Wind causes most waves.D. Wind causes some waves.

74.Which of the following is true according to the passage?
A. The water of a wave moves away across the sea.
B. The water of a wave remains almost at the same place.
C. The water of a wave goes with the passing of the wave.
D. The length of a wave means the distance from the top of a wave to the bottom.

75.The speed of Wave 1 is 100 cm/s,frequency 10. The frequency of Wave 2 is 300, while its speed is twice that of Wave 1. Which of the following is right?
A . The wavelengths of the two are equal.
B. The wavelength of Wave 1 is 10 times longer than that of Wave 2.
C. The wavelength of Wave 2 is longer than that of Wave 1.
D. The wavelength of Wave 1 is longer than that of Wave 2.

第二卷（共35分）

第四部分：书面表达（共2小题，满分35分）
第一小题：情景作文（满分20分）
五月四日，高三年级一班和二班之间将进行一次有关环保问题的演讲比赛（a talk show on environment protection）。此前，二班邀请清华大学的Dr.Li做相关内容的报告。
假定你是二班的班长，请你草拟一个有关报告会的口头通知。
注意：
1．内容应包括提示及表格内的全部要点；
2．词数在100左右。
3．开头已为你写好。


May I have your attention, please?
As you know, our class will have a talk show on environment protection with Class One on May 4th. Before it takes place, we
_____________________________________________

That's all. Thank you.

第二小题：开放作文（满分15分）
根据下面提供的情景，写一段接续文字。
注意：词数不少于30
You are a middle school student. You're going to have an important English examination in two month's. You want your parents to buy you another tape recorder（录音机）to take the place of the old one.
Now you tell your parents why you need a new tape recorder.


西城区高三英语试题参考答案
2003．5
第一卷（共115分）
第一部分：听力（每小题1.5分，共30分）
1-10  CCABB，CBBAB  11-20  ABACB，CBCBA
第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节  单项填空（每小题1分，共15分）
21-30  BCABD，BDCAD   31-35  CABDC
第二节  完形填空（每小题1.5分，共30分）
36-45  DCACD，DBBDA   46-55  CBDCB，ACBAA
第三部分：阅读理解（每小题2分，共40分）
56-65  CDBCB，ABBDC  66-75  ABBCD，DACBD


第二卷（共35分）
第四部分：书面表达（共2小题，满分35分）
第一小题：情景作文
一  评分原则
1．本题总分为20分，按5个档次给分。
2．评分时，先根据文章的内容和语言初步确定其所属档次，然后以该档次的要求的来衡量，确定或调整档次，最后给分。
3．词数少于80和多于120的，从总分中减去2分。
4．评分时，应注意的主要内容为：内容要点，应用词汇和语法结构的数量和准确性及上下文的连贯性。
5．拼写与标点符号是语言准确性的一个方面，评分时，应视其对交际的影响予以考虑。英、美拼写及词汇用法均可接受。
6．如书写较差，以至影响交际，将分数降低一个档次。

二  内容要点
1．邀请清华大学李博士做报告   2．报告内容  3．时间、地点表达
4．参加人员表述  5．报告目的  6．会后专题讨论

三  各档次的给分范围和要求
第五档  （很好）：（17-20分）
完全完成了试题规定的任务。
*覆盖所有内容要点
*应用了较多的语法结构和词汇
*语法结构或词汇方面有些许错误，但为尽量使用较复杂结构或较高级词汇所致；具备较强的语言应用能力
*有效地使用了语句间的连接成分，使全文结构紧凑
完全达到了预期的写作目的。
第四档  （好）：（13-16分）
完全完成了试题规定的任务。
*虽漏掉1、2个次重点，但覆盖所有主要内容
*应用的语法结构和词汇能满足任务的要求
*语法结构和词汇方面应用基本准确，些许错误主要是因为尝试较复杂语法结构或词汇所致
*应用简单的语句间连接成分，使全文结构紧凑
达到了预期的写作目的。
第三档  （适当）：（9-12分）
基本完成了试题规定的任务。
*虽漏掉一些内容，但覆盖所有的主要内容
*应用的诘法结构或词汇能满足任务的要求
*有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，但不影响理解
*应有简单的语句间连接成分，使全文内容连贯
整体而言，基本达到了预期的写作目的。
第二档 （较差）：（5-8分）
未恰当完成试题规定的任务。
*漏掉或未描述清楚一些主要内容，写了一些无关内容
*语法结构单调、词汇项目有限
*有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响了对写作内容的理解
*较少使用语句间的连接成分，内容缺少连贯性
信息未能清楚地传达给读者。
第一档（差）：（1-4分）
未能完成试题规定的任务。
*明显遗漏主要内容，写了一些无关内容，原因可能是未理解试题要求
*语法结构简单、词汇项目有限
*较多语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响对写作内容的理解
*缺乏语句间的连接成分，内容不连贯
信息未能传达给读者。
0 分 未能传达给读者任何信息：内容太少，无法评判；写的内容与要求内容无关或内容无法看清。

四．One Possible Version
May I have your attention, please?
As you know, our class will have a talk show on environment protection with Class One on May 4th. Before it takes place, we will invite Dr. Li from Qinghua University to give us a talk on the environment problem and he will also tell us about the improvement m environment protection in recent years in Beijing.
The report will begin at 2:00pm. on Wednesday, April 30th in the auditorium on the third floor in the classroom building. I'm sure we can get enough information from his talk to make good preparations for the coming talk show. Everyone should be there on time, then listen to the report and make full notes at the same time.
By the way, we will have a discussion after the report.
That's all. Thank you.

第二小题：开放作文
一、评分原则
1．本题总分为15分，按4个档次给分。
2．评分时，先根据文章的内容和语言初步确定其所属档次，然后以该档次的要求来衡量，确定或调整档次，最后给分。
3．评分时，应注意：文章是否扣分，内容是否充实、新颖、健康，逻辑是否清晰，交际是否得体，语言是否准确。
4．拼写及标点符号是语言准确性的一个方面，评分时，应视其对交际的影响程度予以考虑。英、美拼写及词汇用法均可接受。
5．如书写较差，以至严重影响交际，将分数降低一个档次。

二、各档次的给分范围和要求
第四档（11-15分）
完全完成了试题规定的任务。
・内容充实，体现了活跃的思维和清晰的逻辑
・交际得体，表达完全与规定语境中交际对象的需求相吻合
・语法结构或词汇方面有个别错误，但为尽可能使用较复杂表达方式所致；具备较强的语言应用能力
・完全达到了预期的写作目的。
第三档 （6-10分）
基本完成了试题规定的任务。
・内容、逻辑、交际等方面基本符合要求
・应用的语法结构和词汇能满足任务的要求
・有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，但不影响理解整体而言，基本达到了预期的写作目的
第二档（2-5分）
未恰当完成试题规定的任务
・表达未能切题，写了一些无关内容
・未能满足在规定语境中交际的基本要求
・语法结构简单、词汇项目有限
・有一些语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响了对写作内容的理解
信息未能清楚地传达给交际对象。
第一档 （0-1分）
未完成试题规定的任务。
・写了一些无关内容或未能传达给读者任何信息
・未能满足在规定语境中交际的基本要求
・语法结构简单、词汇项目有限
・较多语法结构或词汇方面的错误，影响了对写作内容的理解
信息未能传达给交际对象

三、One Possible Version
   You see, two months later I will have the English examination, including the listening test I have to do some listening practice. But my tape recorder doesn't work properly because something is wrong with it So I need a new tape recorder to take the place of the old one. I hope I can get it as soon as possible.

听力部分录音原文
(Text 1)
M: I'd like to drive to the concert, but my brother will use the car tonight
W: Who needs a car? We can take the bus if we go a little earlier.

(Text 2)
W：I have to take an examination every day next week.
M：I have one on Monday, another on Tuesday and two on Friday, none on
 Wednesday and Thursday, I'm thankful for that.

(Text 3)
M：How much time did you have for writing the paper?
W：We were given three hours, but I finished it in less than half the time.

(Text 4)
M：I hear you are moving to a new apartment Soon.
W：Yes, but it will be more expensive. My roommate plays the radio all right long and I can't sleep.

(Text 5)
W：I really must go now
M：What time is your train?
W：11:20. Oh, dear. It's already 11:00. I'm going to miss my train.
M：Don't worry. I'll drive you to the station.

(Text 6)
M：Miss Grace is going back to Sydney next week and we're giving her a farewell
party this afternoon.
W：The party must be very interesting. I've been on sick leave for so long that I
know little about what's going on in school. What time is the party going to be?
M：At four o'clock You'll come, won't you?
W：But I must see the doctor first. Four o'clock is too early for me.
M：But you must be on time, or the party will be over
W：OK. I must remember the time of the party. Four o'clock in the afternoon.

(Text7)
M：We need to take a holiday.
W：Well, we both have two weeks of holiday time. Why don't we drive north to Canada?
M：I'd like to go camping, maybe in the mountains.
W：That sounds good to me. I'm so tired of city living. New York is so crowded and full of
 traffic all the time. We need to get away from that.
M：Ah, just us and the mountains. Do you want to leave tomorrow?
W：Sure, of course. Hey, why don't we leave tonight? Why wait?
M：Well, we haven't packed our things and the car needs an oil change, I need to check the car tonight if we're going to leave in the morning.
W：OK, well, why don't you fix the car while I go up to get out camping things.
M; Sounds great, I'll be out in the garage, so just yell if you need me for anything.
W: OK.

(Text 8)
W：Excuse me, but could you tell me when the next plane for Berlin leaves?
M：The plane for Berlin leaves every two hours, Let me see. The next one is in 40
 rninutes-at eleven o'clock
W：How much is a second class ticket, please?
M：We have only first class tickets left, It is $350 one way.
W：OK, I'd like One for the next flight.
M：I'm sorry, but I don't sell tickets. You can get one from the machine over there or wait
 until you board and buy one from the airline attendant.
W：All right. By the way, what's the gate number?
M：Four. Down the hall and to the left.
W：Thanks a lot

(Text 9)
W：Hello, Mr Brown. How are you?
M：Fine, thanks, Mrs Downs. How is your boy, Mike?
W：He is a bit tired. You know, he goes to school at eight o'clock every morning. He does
get home until after four. Then he does his homework after tea. It often takes him a
couple of hours to finish it.
M：Poor boy. They work hard at school nowadays, don't they? Does he like it?
W：You mean the school? Yes, he does He likes his teachers and classmates.
M：Does he go to school by bus?
W：No, he walks. He likes walking. He meets some of his friends at the comer and they go together.
M：What does he do when it rains?
W：My husband takes him in the car. He passes the school on the way to the office.

(Text 10)
M：You often come to school late as well. Yesterday, for example, you...
W：Yes. I'm very sorry about that You see, my alarm clock didn't work and...
M：Your alarm clock? But you told me yesterday that the bus had broken down!
W：Oh, did I? I just forgot to say that my clock didn't work, either.
M：It's a good story. Now, tell me again why you want tomorrow off.
W：Well... er, you see, my grandfather is ill.He is in hospital and...and he's going to have an operation. I want to visit him.
M：Oh, I see. So your grandfather is ill as well.
W：As well? I....I don't understand.
M：Neither do I When we began this conversation, you said your grandmother was ill.
And you didn't say she was going to have an operation! You said she had already had one ! And by the way, you also said she was in an old people's home, not in a hospital.

(Text 11)
Last summer I visited Mexico City to see the ancient art in the museum there. I was surprised at how well I managed to get around even though I don't speak a word of Spanish. You just have to be able to make the right decision in a difficult situation.
  The manager of my hotel gave me a map of the city and told me that the best way to get to the museum was by subway. I didn't know where the nearest subway was, but I was sure I would find it if I walked a little. After an hour, I was still walking. I was completely lost. Just then a policeman came over and showed me the nearest station. I looked at the subway map on the wall and didn't know which line to take In fact, I wasn't sure which station I was in. Most people would give up in that situation, but not me. After I thought it over, I knew exactly what to do. I went upstairs and took a taxi.