北京市海淀区高三第二学期期末练习
英语
2003．5

第一卷（三部分，共115分）

第一部分：听力（略）
第二节：完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36-55各题所给的四个选项（A、B、C、D）中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
Norman Cousins was a businessman from the United States who often traveled around the world on business. He enjoyed his  36  and traveling.
Then, after returning to the United States from a   37   trip to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic (USSR), Mr. Cousins got sick. Because he had pushed his body to the  38  of its strength on the trip, a change began to take place  39  him. The material between his bones became  40
In less than one week after his return, he could not  41  . Every move that he  42  was painful. He was not able to sleep at night. The doctors told him that they did not know how to cure Mr. Cousins' problem and he might never  43  over the illness. Mr. Cousins, however, refused to give up  44
Mr. Cousins thought that  45  thoughts were causing bad chemical changes in his body. He did not want to take medicine to cure himself.  46  , he felt that happy thoughts or  47 might cure his illness.
He began to   48
第一卷（三部分，共115分）

第一部分：听力（共两节，满分30分）
第一节（共5小题；每小题1.5分，满分7.5分）
听下面5段对话。每段对话后有一个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听完每段对话后，你都有10秒钟的时间来回答有关小题和阅读下一小题。每段对话仅读一遍。
1.What will the two speakers do first?
A. Search for the new tie.
B. Fix the shelf.
C. Paint the shelf.

2.What can we learn from the conversation?
A. The man can't drive well.
B. The car has broken down.
C. They are on the wrong way.

3.When does the conversation take place?
A. On Friday.
B. On Saturday.
C. On Sunday.

4.What's the relationship between the two speakers?
A. Doctor and patient.
B. Husband and wife.
C. Teacher and student.

5.What does the man think about the price of the car?
A. Reasonable.
B. Too high.
C. Unbelievable.

第二节（共15小题；每小题1.5分，满分22.5分）
听下面6段对话或独白。每段对话或独白后有几个小题，从题中所给的A、B、C三个选项中选出最佳选项，并标在试卷的相应位置。听每段对话或独白前，你将有时间阅读各个小题，每小题5秒钟；听完后，各个小题将给出5秒钟的作答时间。每段地话或独白读两遍。
听第6段材料，回答第6至7题。
6.Who is the woman?
A.A manager.
B. A secretary.
C.A housewife.

7.Which phone number should the man dial?
A. 77231059
B. 77328905.
C. 77321095.

听第7段材料，回答第8至9题。
8. What were they mainly talking about?
A. Mike was knocked down in the street
B.Mike got injured in a match.
C.Mike had to stay in hospital.

9.Who told the woman about Mike's stay in hospital?
A. Tom.
B. Bob.
C. The doctor.

听第8段材料，回答第10至11题。
10. Where does the conversation take place?
A. In the street.
B. At a hotel.
C. On a train.

11.What can we infer from the conversation?
A. The man is quite rude.
B. The woman is a thief.
C. They are helping each other.

听第9段材料，回答第12至14题。
12.What does the man do in the holidays?
A. Stay with his parents.
B. Have a further education.
C. Take a part-time job.

13.What can be learned about the woman?
A. Her parents are rich.
B. She is a top student.
C. Her flat is free.

14.Why does the man live in a flat with two other boys?
A. It is cheap.
B. It is large.
C. It is quiet.

听第10段材料，回答第15至17题。
15.When will Hank visit Lisa?
A. After finishing the report.
B. After getting some food.
C. After having a meeting.

16.What will take place at Bill's house tomorrow?
A. A party.
B. A game.
C.A dance.

17.Why is Hank going to Lisa's house?
A. To attend a dance.
B. To get some food
C. To see sick Lisa.

听第11段材料，回答第18至20题。
18.Why did the man go to the bank?
A. He had to pay the fine there.
B. He wanted to get small change.
C. He intended to call the traffic police.

19.How did the man feel about the police officer's final decision?
A. Happy.
B. Sad.
C.Angry.

20. What was the police officer's attitude to the letter from the man?
A.She believed the man came across many misfortunes.
B.She took pity on the unlucky man who had a bad day.
C. She felt it funny that the man made up such a story.

第二部分：英语知识运用（共两节，满分45分）
第一节  单项填空（共15小题；每小题1分，满分15分）
从A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出可以填入空白处的最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
例：It is generally considered unwise to give a child _________ he or she wants.
A.howeverB. whateverC. whicheverD. whenever
答案是B。

21.As _______ unemployment is very high at the moment, it's very difficult for people to find________ work.
A.the, 不填      B.不填，不填C. the, aD. an, the
22.-Who is making so much noise in the garden?
-_________ the children.
A.It is          B. They areC. That isD. There are
23.Yesterday I was walking downstairs when I missed my foot and had a bad fall, nothing serious __________
A.evenB. eitherC. thenD. though
24.It's said that there are plenty of hotels in that town. There ________ be any difficulty for you to find somewhere to stay.
A.wouldn'tB. mustn'tC. shouldn'tD. needn't
25.It's no longer a question now ________ man can land on the moon.
A.thatB. whichC. whetherD. what
26.We both strongly ________ your going to Iraq at this time of the war. It' s not a wise decision.
A.enjoyB. opposeC. appreciateD. insist
27.Some plants can take in carbon dioxide (二氧化碳) we breathe out and give ________ oxygen to us.
A.in caseB. in turn           C. in return         D.in addition
28.-$ 500, but that is my last offer.
-OK, it is a ________
A.cost      B.priceC. rewardD. deal
29.________ at failing in the math exam, John wouldn't like to talk about it to his parents.
A.DisappointedB. To be disappointed
C.DisappointingD. Having disappointed
30.- Is Paul playing both soccer and tennis for the school?
 - He ________ . But now he has given up playing tennis.
A. isB. hasC. wasD. had
31.  -Put these glasses away before they _________
 -OK. I'll put them in the cupboard.
A.have brokenB. are breakingC. get brokenD. will be broken
32.  - I hear Johnson was badly injured in the accident.
 - ________ let's go and see him.
A.What's moreB. If soC. Where possibleD. When necessary
33.  -These boxes are too heavy for me to move.
 -Here, I'll give you a hand ________ them.
A.forB. toC. withD. by
34.  - I wonder if I can get a raise in salary.
 -You have been paid enough. ________do you want?
A.How muchB. What moreC. What elseD. How much more
35.  John has put on so much weight recently that his mother has to _________ all his trousers to his measure.
A.let outB. give awayC. bring inD. make up

第二节：完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面短文，掌握其大意，然后从36-55各题所给的四个选项（A、B、C、D）中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
Norman Cousins was a businessman from the United States who often traveled around the world on business. He enjoyed his  36  and traveling.
Then, after returning to the United States from a   37   trip to the Union of Soviet Socialist Republic (USSR), Mr. Cousins got sick. Because he had pushed his body to the  38  of its strength on the trip, a change began to take place  39  him. The material between his bones became  40
In less than one week after his return, he could not  41  . Every move that he  42  was painful. He was not able to sleep at night. The doctors told him that they did not know how to cure Mr. Cousins' problem and he might never  43  over the illness. Mr. Cousins, however, refused to give up  44
Mr. Cousins thought that  45  thoughts were causing bad chemical changes in his body. He did not want to take medicine to cure himself.  46  , he felt that happy thoughts or  47 might cure his illness.
He began to   48   on himself while still in the hospital by watching funny shows on television. Mr. Cousins quickly found that 10 minutes of real laughter during the  49  gave him two hours of pain-free sleep at night.
50  the doctors could not help him, Mr. Cousins left the hospital and checked into a hotel room where he could  51  his experiments with laughter. For eight days, Mr. Cousins rested in the hotel room watching funny shows on television, reading funny books, and sleeping  52 he felt tired. Within three weeks, he felt well  53  to take a vacation to Puerto Rico where he began running on the beach for  54
After a few months,Mr. Cousins returnedto work. He had laughedhimself back to  55
36.A. timeB. holidayC. sleepD. work
37.A. boringB. tiringC. dangerousD. pleasant
38.A. topB. degreeC. problem[). limit
39.A. fromB. aroundC. insideD. beside
40.A. weakB. illC. falseD. painful
41.A. speakB. breatheC. standD. see
42.A. madeB. didC. tookD. gave
43.A. lookB. getC. turnD. think
44.A. effortB. hopeC. treatmentD. arrangement
45.A. foolishB. unusualC. funnyD. unhappy
46.A. InsteadB. HoweverC. ThereforeD. Otherwise
47.A. sleepB. travelC. laughterD. television
48.A. rescueB. operateC. tryD. experiment
49.A. dayB. weekC. monthD. year
50.A. PromisingB. DecidingC. DoubtingD. Recognizing
51.A. inventB. beginC. continueD. prove
52.A. untilB. wheneverC. unlessD. so that
53.A. soonB. completelyC. slowlyD. enough
54.A. exerciseB. illnessC. restD. pleasure
55.A. powerB. senseC. healthD. happiness

第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2分，满分40分）
阅读下列短文，从每题所给的四个选项（A、B、C和D）中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A

This March is a busy month in Shanghai. There's a lot to do. Here are the
highlights.
Live Music - Late Night Jazz
Enjoy real American jazz from Herbie Davis, the famous trumpet player. He's coming with his new 7-piece band, Herbie' s Heroes. Herbie is known to play well into the early hours, so don't expect to get much sleep. This is Herbie' s third visit to Shanghai. The first two were sold out, so get your tickets quickly.
PLACE: The Jazz Club    DATES: 15-23 MarchPRICE: ￥80,120        TIME: 10:00p.m. till late!TEL: 6466-8736
Scottish dancing
Take your partners and get ready to dance till you drop. Scottish dancing is fun and easy to learn. Instructors will demonstrate the dances. The live band, Gordon Stroppie and the Weefrees, are also excellent.
PLACE: Jack Stein'sDATES: every MondayPRICE: Y60 including one drinkTIME: 7:00 - ~0:00 p.m.TEL: 6402-1877

Exhibitions - Shanghai Museum
There are 120,000 pieces on show here. You can see the whole of Chinese history under one roof. It' s always interesting to visit, but doubly so at the moment with the Egyptian Tombs exhibition. There are lots of mummies and more gold than you've ever seen before. Let us know if you see a mummy move!
PLACE: Shanghai Museum    PRICE: ￥30 (￥ 15 for students)TEL: 6888-6888                      DATES: dailyTIME:Monday - Friday 9:00a.m. - 5:00p.m., Weekends 9:00a.m. - 9:00p.m.

Dining - Sushi chef in town
Sushi is getting really big in Shanghai. In Japan, it' s become an art form. The most famous Sushi 'artist' is Yuki Kamura. She' s also one of the few female chefs in Japan. She' ll be at Sushi Scene all of this month.
    PLACE: Sushi Scene in the Shanghai HotelDATES: all month    PRICE: ￥200TIME: lunchtimeTEL: 6690-3211
For a full listing of events, see our website.

56. Suppose you are going to attend an activity at 8: 00p. m. on Saturday, which one can you
choose?
A.Live Music - Late Night JazzB. Scottish dancing
C.Exhibitions - Shanghai MuseumD. Dining - Sushi chef in town

57.Which of the following is true according to the advertisements?
A.Scottish dancing is so interesting and easy that it never tires you out.
B.The performance given by the American jazz band won't last long.
C.Sushi is not popular in Shanghai as it is a kind of Japanese traditional food.
D.It is more interesting to visit Shanghai Museum for the exhibits from Egypt.

58. From the text we may learn that Kamura is _______.
A. a cook     B. a waitress      C. an instructor    D. an artist

B
Since we are social beings, the quality of our lives depends in large measure on our interpersonal relationships. One strength of the human condition is our possibility to give and receive support from one another under stressful (有压力的) conditions. Social support makes up of the exchange of resources among people based on their interpersonal ties. Those of us with strong support systems appear better able to deal with major life changes and daily problems. People with strong social ties live longer and have better health than those without such ties. Studies over types of illnesses, from depression to heart disease, show that the presence of social support helps people defend themselves against illness, and the absence of such support makes poor health more likely.
Social support cushions stress in a number of ways. First, friends, relatives and co-workers may let us know that they value us. Our self-respect is strengthened when we feel accepted by others in spite of our faults and difficulties. Second, other people often provide us with informational support. They help us to define and understand our problems and find solutions to them. Third, we typically find social companionship supportive. Taking part in free-time activities with others helps us to meet our social needs while at the same time distracting (转移注意力) us from our worries and troubles. Finally, other people may give us instrumental support money aid, material resources, and needed services - that reduces stress by helping us resolve and deal with our problems.

59. Interpersonal relationships are important because they can ________
A.make people live more easily
B.smooth away daily problems
C.deal with life changes
D.cure types of illnesses

60. The researches show that people's physical and mental health _______
A.lies in the social medical care systems which support them
B.has much to do with the amount of support they get from others
C.depends on their ability to deal with daily worries and troubles
D.is related to their courage for dealing with major life changes

61. Which of the following is closest in meaning to the underlined word "cushions"?
A.takes place ofB. makes up of
C.lessens the effect ofD. gets rid of

62. Helping a sick neighbor with some repair work in spare time is an example of ________
A.instrumental supportB. informational support
C.social companionshipD. the strengthening of self-respect

63.What is the subject discussed in the text?
  A. Interpersonal relationships.
  B. Kinds of social support.
  C. Ways to deal with stress.
  D. Effects of stressful condition.

C
Many people are interested in family history, an area of study called genealogy (家谱学). Most genealogy experts have heard about the Family History Library in Salt Lake City, Utah. The Library claims to have the largest collection of genealogical records in the world. Shirley Griffith has more about this unusual research center.
The Family History Library has many records to help people search for information about their family histories. It has birth, marriage and death records from religious groups and governments. The collection includes official population, court and property records. It also includes burial records, ship passenger lists and published family histories.
The Family History Library has information from almost every area of the world. Most records are from 1550 through 1920. These records include the names of more than two thousand million people who have died. The library has few records of living persons.
The Family History Library is operated by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. The church has been gathering family history records around the world for more than one hundred years. The group urges (催促) its members to study the lives of early family members as a religious requirement.
The Family History Library is open to the public every day except Sunday and some holidays. Visitors are invited to use its books and other materials. Library officials say it is one of the most popular places for visitors in Utah. About two thousand four hundred people use the library each day.
Individuals, families and private groups have given some of their records to the library. The library bought other records from governments. All the information is gathered with the approval (批准) of governments or officials who supervise (监督) the records.
The library copies many records to a kind of film that can be read with special equipment. It is known as microfilm. The collection is always expanding. Today, Church representatives are making copies of important records around the world.
Many people find it difficult to travel to Utah to use the Family History Library. So, the Church has set up more than three thousand Family History Centers in seventy-five countries around the world.

64.It is less likely that you can get _________ from the Family History Library.
A.dates of some people's births
B.names of some people who died at sea
C.records of certain judges or some laws
D.information about certain persons alive

65.Normally how many visitors does the library in Utah receive in a week?
A.2,400.B. 3,000.C. 14,400.D. 16,800.
66.The text is mainly about ________
A.the history of genealogyB. the study of family history
C.the Family History LibraryD. the Church of Jesus Christ

D
Fred Michel is one of 7.2 million Americans who moonlight, or hold more than one job.
Once a week, after his day job as medical director of a mental health center, the 40-year-old psychiatrist (精神病大夫) heads to a part-time job at a treatment center for young people. Twice a month, he travels three hours to another teenage treatment center.
Last year, 5.4 percent of the American workforce held second jobs, according to the US Labor Department, and that looks set to increase this year.
Many workers like the safety that moonlighting provides, says Carl Hausamn, the writer of "Moonlighting: 148 Great Ways to Make Money to the Side."
The information from the US Labor Department shows that 40 percent of US moonlighters in 1997 took a second job to meet household expenses or pay off debts. Others save money or buy some special things.
People also take second jobs with an eye to the future - wanting to try out a new field or gain experience.
Michel started moonlighting when medical systems were unstable (不稳定的). He wanted to make sure he wasn't tied to one system that ended up failing.
Just as the purposes for moonlighting vary, the moonlighters cross all age and racial groups. And they work in a variety of industries - no longer just service, office and sale jobs.
"Technology just affects your ability to make money," Hausman says. "That makes a frequent change in moonlighting."
As its name means, moonlighting still occurs mostly at night. And that results in some pressures. Chief among them is time.
Full-time employers could misunderstand, too. Some companies do not allow after-hour work because they fear it will affect their employees' 9-to-5 performance.
"The primary employer is saying, 'Wait, I'm paying you for the sharp, fresh, energetic you,'" says Tom Gimbel, president and founder of LaSalle Staffing in Chicago. "If you' re burning yourself at both ends, it's going to show."
Still, the good done to the moonlighters can be great. Besides extra income, moonlighters enjoy variety, freedom and chance to do something new. They also may find their part-time jobs strengthen what they do full time.
Besides, "it's fun," Michel says. Not only do his part-time jobs offer a chance to network, stretch his professional skills and make more money, but they also give him the variety he wouldn't find just in a full-time job.
"It' s a way of pulling from the spice cabinet" he says, "and offering a little variety throughout the day."

67.What is the article mainly about?
A. The ways of moonlighting.
B. The reasons for moonlighting.
C. The problems with moonlighting.
D. The kinds of people who moonlight.

68.The reason why Fred Michel began to moonlight is that ________.
A. he found it exciting to do a part-time job
B. he needed to make ends meet with more money
C. he feared he would lose his present job one day
D. he felt more and more pressure from his employer

69.Some companies don't allow their workers to moonlight because they are afraid ________.
A. their workers can not do extra-hour work for them
B. their workers will be too tired to try their best at work
C. their workers will one day turn to some other different jobs
D. their workers will not get to work and be off work on time

70. The underlined sentence "It's a way of pulling from the spice cabinet." in the last paragraph means _________.
A. moonlighting gets you away from the job you don' t enjoy
B. moonlighting offers you freedom to make extra money
C. moonlighting strengthens your professional skills
D. moonlighting brings you chances to do something different

E
"I've changed my mind. I wanted to have a telescope, but now I want my daddy back." Lucien Lawrence' s letter to Father Christmas written after his schoolteacher father had been knifed to death outside his school gate, must have touched every heart. Lucien went on to say that without his father he couldn't see the stars in the sky. When those whom we love depart from us, we cannot see the stars for a while.

But Lucien, the stars are still there, and one day, when you are older and your tears have gone, you will see them again. And, in a strange way, I expect that you will find your father is there too, in your mind and in your heart. I find that my parents, long dead now, still figure in many of my dreams and that I think of them perhaps more than I ever did when they were alive. I still live to please them and I' m still surprised by their reactions. I remember that when I became a professor, I was so proud, or rather so pleased with myself, that I couldn't wait to cable my parents. The reply was a long time in coming, but when it did, all Mother said was "I hope this means that now you will have more time for the children!" I haven' t forgotten. The values of my parents still live on.

It makes me pause and think about how I will live on in the hearts and minds of my children and of those for whom I care. Would I have been as ready as Philip Lawrence have been to face the aggressors (挑衅者)，and to lay down my life for those in my care? How many people would want me back for Christmas? It's a serious thought, one to give me pause.

I pray silently, sometimes, in the dead of night, that ancient cry of a poet "Deliver my soul from the sword (剑), and my darling from the power of the dog." Yet I know the death comes to us all, and sometimes comes suddenly. We must therefore plan to live forever, but live as if we will die tomorrow. We live on, I'm sure, in the lives of those we loved, and therefore we ought to have a care for what they will remember and what they will treasure. If more parents knew this in their hearts to be true, there might be fewer knives on our streets today.

71. According to the whole text we can see that the first paragraph _________.
A. puts forward the subject of the text
B. shows the author's pity on the kid
C. acts as an introduction to the discussion
D. makes a clear statement of the author's views

72.In the second paragraph the author mainly wants to explain to us _________.
A. how much he misses his parents now
B. why his parents often appear in his dream
C. when Lucien will get over all his sadness
D. how proud he was when he succeeded in life

73.What feeling did the author's mother express in her reply?
A. Proud.B. Happy.
C. Disappointed.         D. Worried

74.In the author's opinion, the value of a person's life is ________.
A. to leave behind a precious memory to the people related
B. to have a high sense of duty to the whole society
C. to care what others will remember and treasure
D. to share happiness and sadness with his family

75. What does the writer mean by the sentence taken from an old poem?
A. Call on criminals and murderers to lay down their guns.
B. Advise parents stay with their children safely at home.
C. Spend every day meaningfully in memory of the death.
D. Try to keep violence and murder far away from society.


第二卷（共35分）
第四部分：书面表达（共2小题，满分35分）
第一小题：情景作文（满分20分）
假如你昨天参观了一所高中示范校。请按照图中规定的顺序（从主楼出发），根据以下图表和中文提示，向你班里的其他同学用英文讲述你参观该校时的所见所闻。
注意：
1．词数100左右；
2．开头与结尾已为你写好。
生词：喷泉 fountain
参观地点学生活动
实验楼做实验
艺术中心练乐器
报告厅听报告
操场足球赛


Dear my classmates,
May I have your attention, please?

Thanks for your listening.

第二小题：开放作文（满分15分）
根据下面提供的情景，写一段接续文字。
注意：词数不少于30。
When your mother comes home from work, she finds the living room in a terrible mess (乱七八糟). She asks you the reasons. You tell her what happened.


高三英语第二学期期末练习
参考答案及评分标准
2003．5
选择题答案
第一、二、三部分（Key to l一75）
1．B   2．C   3．A   4．B   5．C   6．B   7．A   8．B   9．B   10．C
11．B  l2．C   l3．A  14．A  15．A  16．B  17．C  18．B  19．A  20．C
21．B  22．A  23．D  24．C  25．A  26．B  27．C  28．D  29．A  30．C
31．C  32．B  33．C  34．D  35．A  36．D  37．B  38．D  39．C  40．A
41．C  42．A  43．B  44．B  45．D  46．A  47．C  48．D  49．A  50．B
51．C  52．B  53．D  54．A  55．C  56．C  57．D  58．A  59．A  60．B
61．C  62．C  63．A  64．D  65．C  66．C  67．B  68．C  69．B  70．D
71．C  72．B  73．D  74．A  75．D

第四部分：
第一小题
Yesterday I paid a visit to a model high school, together with my friend. It's very big with a beautiful fountain in the center of the schoolyard.
We started our visit from the main building. First we went to the lab building where some students were doing experiments. Then we entered the lecture hall behind the lab building and saw many students listening to a lecture given by a professor. Opposite to the lecture hall was the art center. There we watched groups of students playing musical instruments. Finally we arrived at the playground at the far back of the school. Some boys were having a football game, which was so exciting that we couldn't help cheering for them.
It was really an impressive visit.

第二小题
Possible version:
This afternoon I was doing my homework when my neighbor Aunt Zhang came in with her little son Xiao Ming. She asked me to look after him for a while as she was out.
Shortly after his mother left, Xiao Ming began to cry. I brought out all the toys and played with him. Soon he stopped crying and began to play with me. He ran about happily in the room and scattered the toys on the floor and made a mess. It was he who made the room like this.

附：听力录音材料
Text 1
M: I can' t find my new tie. I need it for tonight's party.
W: Let' s look for it later. Right now I need your help fixing this shelf before I paint it.

Text 2
W: If you had listened to me, we' d be at the party. Move over. I'll drive.
M: I was sure I knew the way there. I'll turn around.

Text 3
W: Nick, why don' t you come and join us this afternoon? There'11 be a lot of fun.
M : I'd love to, but I've got an exam.
W: What about tomorrow afternoon?
M: Saturday is OK.

Text 4
M: Gary, will you please pick up little Tom from the school?
W: I'm sorry. I'm afraid not.
M: Why?
W: A patient has just arrived. He was badly hurt in a traffic accident. I'm going to operate on him at once.

Text 5
W: David said he bought a new car for five thousand dollars.
M: What kind is it?
W: A BMW--I'm not sure what model.
M: Are you sure? A BMW for five thousand? Sounds pretty cheap to me!

Text 6
M: Hello. is that Mr. Smith's office?
W: Yes, it is. May I help you?
M: Yes, I'd like to speak to Mr. Smith, please.
W: Mr. Smith isn't in. He's on a trade talk now. May I ask who is calling?
M: This is James White. My hotel phone number is 77328905.
W: Oh yes, Mr. White. Mr. Smith asked me to give you his home phone number.
M: Just a moment, please. Yes, what' s the number?
W: His number is 77231059.
M: What about his cell phone number?
W: 177. . . er. . . 095. . . er. . . Oh, sorry, I'm afraid I can't give you the number. He won't like to be bothered while having a meeting.
M: That's all right.
W: Thank you very much.

Text 7
W: Hi, Mike！How are you feeling now?
M: How did you know I was here in the hospital? Is it Tom?
W: I was talking with Bob yesterday and I learnt your right leg had been injured. How did it happen?
M: Their right back Tom knocked me down when I rushed to their goal with the ball.
W: Wow! He must have hit you hard.
M: Of course. He hit me from the back and sent me rolling over here and there. At the time I had a lot of pain. Anyway, they brought me to the hospital.
W: Nothing serious, I hope.
M: The doctor said there weren't any internal injuries, but I'd better stay here a couple of days.
W: Well, Mike. Take it easy.
M: Thank you for your coming. And thanks for the flowers.

Text 8
W: Oh . . oh dear, oh!
M: I'm so sorry . . . I think that was my fault . . . er. . . hang on, I'll just pick all your. . .
W: Oh, no, thank you. You' re so kind . . .
M: I'll pick up all your things for you. Here we are. Here's your bag. Hey, just a minute. I can' t believe it . . .
W: Oh, no, no, no . . .
M: You just put your hand into my pocket and took my wallet out?!
W: Oh, no, no. Excuse me. It was almost falling out.
M: But . . . what do you think you' re doing? Give it back to met!
W: But here . . . here it is.
M: Thank you!
W: It was going to fall on the ground . . .
M: Right. Now, we' 11 just go along to the guard of the train . . .
W: Oh dear, look at my things on the ground! It's terrible!
M: We' 11 just go along to the guard of the train and see what he has to say.
W: But I wasn't doing anything!

Text 9
M: Excuse me, are you a college student?
W: Yes, I am. What about you?
M: Me, too. Forgive my asking you, but do you have to take a part - time job in the holidays?
W: Not really. My parents are fairly well off, so I get money from my father.
M: You're lucky, aren't you?
W: I think so. What about you? Are your parents wealthy?
M: No, certainly not.
W: Do you work during the holidays?
M: Well, last Christmas I did for two weeks as a postman and a door-to-door salesman.
   Then in the summer I spent four weeks fruit picking, and I do a bit of baby-sitting.
W: Can you get enough money to finish your education by taking part-time jobs?
M: Of course not. But I'm a top student and I can get a scholarship, from the college.
W: Where do you live then?
M: I share a flat with two other boys. It's not large but fairly tidy, and the most important point is that the rent is quite low.
W: Sounds not bad. Uh, this is my phone number. Call me if you have any problems.
M: Thanks a lot.

Text l0
Hey Bill. This is Hank. I 'm just calling to let you know that Mary cannot go to your house tomorrow night because she has to attend a dancing party and I'11 be a little late. I will have a meeting and finish a report. I should finish my work sometime between seven and eight. Oh, then I'm planning on dropping by Lisa's house for about an hour since she's been sick recently. And, uh, one more thing. I'11 stop by my house to get some food for the game. See you then.

Text 11
It was a bit of bad luck when the man' s car broke down - he was stuck in a no-parking area. So he went into a store to borrow a pen and paper to leave a note for the traffic police. The pen, however, was like his car. It didn't work. When he decided to go back to the store to buy a pen, he found another little problem. He only had a $ 50 bill and the salesman couldn't change it. So he went off to find a bank to change the bill to buy the pen to write on the paper to put on his car to tell the traffic police that his car had broken down. As he left the bank he saw a phone box. He decided to call a garage to send a truck to pull the car away, but the number was busy. When he got back to his car he found a parking ticket on the car. The story has, however, a happy ending. The driver wrote to the police station to explain what had happened. The police officer who read the letter decided not to punish him with the $ 20 parking fine. She said that even if the man' s story was not true, it was so clever he could be excused from being fined!