试卷类型：A

高考英语仿真试题(三)

本试卷分第一卷(选择题)和第二卷(非选择题)两部分。第一卷1至10页，第二卷11至12页。共150分，考试时间120分钟。
第一卷(三部分，共115分)
注意事项：
1.答第一卷前，考生务必将自己的姓名、准考证号、考试科目用铅笔涂写在答题卡上。
2.每小题选出答案后，用铅笔把答题卡上对应题目的答案标号涂黑。如需改动，用橡皮擦干净后，再选涂其他答案标号。不能答在试卷上。
3.考试结束后，考生将本试卷和答题卡一并交回。
第一部分：听力（略）
第二节:完形填空（共20小题；每小题1.5分，满分30分）
阅读下面的短文，掌握其大意，然后从36～55各题所给的四个选项(A、B、C和D)中选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
On Thursday afternoon Mrs Clarke locked the door and went to the women's club as usual.It was a pleasant way of passing time  36  an old woman who lived  37 .
When she came home she sensed something  38 .Had someone got in?The back door and the windows were all  39  and there was no  40  of forced entry.Had anything been taken?She went from room to room,  41   and found her camera and spare watch  42  .
The following Thursday she went out at her  43  time,but didn't go to the club. 44  she took a short walk in a park nearby and came home, 45  herself in through the back door.She settled down to wait and see what would  46 .
It was 4 o'clock when the front doorbell rang.Mrs Clarke was  47  tea at the time.The bell rang again,and  48  she heard her letter-box being pushed open. 49  the kettle of boiling water,she moved quietly to towards the door.A piece of wire appeared through the letter-box,and then a  50 .The wire turned and caught around the knob on the doorlock.Mrs Clarke raised the kettle and  51  the water over the hand. 52  was heard outside as the wire fell to the floor and the hand was pulled back,which was  53  by the sound of running feet.
It wasn't long  54  the police caught the thief.And Mrs Clarke was greatly admired at the club for her successful  55 .
36.A.byB.toC.withD.for
37.A.lonelyB.alone  C.away  D.busily
38.A.terrible  B.uncomfortableC.unusual  D.bad
39.A.lockedB.opened  C.broken  D.fixed
40.A.sceneB.show  C.signD.sight
41.A.looking  B.examiningC.searching  D.checking
42.A.losingB.missing  C.leaving  D.disappearing
43.A.sameB.spare  C.special  D.usual
44.A.Therefore  B.However  C.Instead  D.Again
45.A.pushing  B.letting  C.pulling  D.leading
46.A.appearB.follow  C.happen  D.continue
47.A.cooking  B.making  C.burning  D.serving
48.A.the next moment  B.for a whileC.in time  D.at once
49.A.Putting downB.Laying asideC.Picking upD.Taking away
50.A.knifeB.handC.letterD.key
51.A.spreadB.dropped  C.poured  D.covered
52.A.A sad voice  B.A strange noise
C.A warning shoutD.A sharp cry
53.A.followed  B.caused  C.produced  D.ended
54.A.beforeB.sinceC.untilD.when
55.A.self-satisfactionB.self-protection
C.self-respect  D.self-service
第三部分：阅读理解（共20小题；每小题2.4分，满分40分）
阅读下面的短文，从每题所给的四个选项(A、B、C、D)中，选出最佳选项，并在答题卡上将该项涂黑。
A
LONDON-Life for Cathy Hagner and her three children is set to permanent(不大可能改变的) fast-forward.
Their full school day and her job as a lawyer's assistant are busy enough.But Hanger also has to take the two boys to soccer or hockey or basketball while dropping off her daughter at piano lessons or Girl Scout Club.
Often,the exhausted family doesn't get home until 7 pm.There is just time for a quick supper before homework.
In today's world,middle-class American and British parents treat their children as if they are competitors racing for some finishing line.
Parents take their children from activity to activity in order to make their future bright.It seems that raising a genius has become a more important goal than raising a happy and well-balanced child.
"Doctors across the country are reporting a growing number of children suffering from stomachaches and headaches due to exhaustion and stress,"says child expert William Doherty of the University of Minnesota.
Teachers are dealing with exhausted kids in the classroom.It's a very serious problem.
Many children attend after-school clubs by necessity.But competitive pressures also create an explosion of activities.They include sports,language,music and math classes for children as young as four.
"There is a new parenting trend(趋势) under way which says that you have to tap all your child's potential(潜能) at a young age;otherwise you will let him down,"says Terry Apter,a Cambridge-based child and adolescent psychiatrist(青少年精神病专家).
"It isn't entirely new:there have always been pushy parents.But what was previously(以前) seen as strange behaviour is now well accepted."
56.From the second paragraph of this passage we can find that _____.
A.Hagner wastes much time helping her children's lessons
B.Hagner doesn't spend much time on her full-time job
C.Hagner is interested in sports and music
D.Hagner busies herself by following a trend
57.British parents,as the writer described in this passage,_____.
A.treat their children as sports players
B.pay no attention to their children's lessons
C.bring up their children in a simple way
D.give their children little time to develop freely
58.The writer's opinion about after-achool clubs is that _____.
A.activities in the country are too competitive
B.children should attend four clubs at a time
C.some clubs result in competitive pressures
D.clubs should have more subjects for school children
59.The last paragraph tells us that in Britain_____.
A.parents used to take their children to every club
B.parents used to be wise on how to raise children
C.parents have all benefited from children's clubs
D.parents have come to know the standard of education
B
Old Americans are separating into two classes.Retirement(退休) can be either heaven or hell."I do believe on the whole the retirees(退休者) of tomorrow will be wealthier and healthier than the same group of 30 years ago,"says Robert Friedland,director of the National Academy on Ageing."But that's only part of the picture."There is also a large group whose household income hasn't been growing very much.For them the future is unhappy.
"Nature is not always kind,"says Dr Robert Butler,an expert in medical care of old people,who was founding director of the National Institute on Ageing.The relationship between social-economic position and life expectancy(估计寿命) has been known for a long time.Race is also connected.And education is a powerful tool in lengthening life.
"The reality is that poor people get sick easily as they age because they live in dirty neighbourhoods and have dirty jobs,they are left unprotected from environmental pollution,and the pressure of being poor wears down people's health,"according to Karen Davis,president of the Commonwealth Fund,which studies health issues.
"Cigarette smoking has a great effect because it is more common in lower socio-economic groups,"says Elizabeth Whelan,president of the American Council on Science and Health."If you live in a state of hopelessness and helplessness and don't think about the future,you are more likely to take up life threatening habits."
60.The sentence"Retirement can be either heaven or hell"means "_____".
A.If an American is out of work,he or she will feel happy
B.If an American retires from his post,he or she will lead a miserable life
C.Old people in America have to choose a life style
D.Some old people in America lead a hard life,others may lead a happy life
61.According to Dr Robert Butler's opinion,_____ plays the most important role in people's life expectancy.
A.natureB.raceC.education  D.colour
62.The reason why poor people are more likely to get ill as they grow old is that _____.
A.they live in the countryside
B.they work with their hands
C.their families are too large
D.they suffer a lot from poverty
63.What Elizabeth Whelan says means that _____.
A.smoking makes people poor and hopeless
B.smoking is very popular among poor people
C.poor people should give up smoking
D.rich people in America never smoke
C
Faced with the threat of water shortages,Beijing and Shanghai will take effective measures to save water and protect water resources.
Beijing will stick more strictly to watersaving policies through the readjustment(重新调整) of industrial structures.Beijing is expected to be short of 1.185 billion cubic metres of water by 2020.Beijing will shut down factories with high water consumption(消耗) and pollution including electric power,steel and paper manufacturing equipments.Advanced and water-saving technology will be introduced to new industrial projects in the capital city.
Grain-growing areas will be reduced to save ground water and more trees will be planted.Animal breeding and other"high efficient"agriculture with modern water-saving irrigation methods will be developed.
It is said that water used in agriculture will drop to 35 percent of the city's water consumption in 2010 from 43 percent in 1998,and the figure will continue to drop to 28～30 percent in 2020.Beijing will increase the speed of renovation(修复) of its urban water supply equipments.It is reported that more than 15 percent of water is lost during distribution(分发).Water-saving equipment and efficient management can save Beijing more than 537 million cubic metres by 2010.
Shanghai still faces key problems connected with its water resources and environments.Since 1998,the city has invested nearly US ＄169 million to treat its rivers,especially Suzhou Creek.The city's rivers have become noticeably clearer since putting it into action.
The government will provide a further US ＄24 million for the treatment of rivers and US ＄12 million to treat sewage(污物).
This year's task is to improve the water quality at the three ports of Longhua,Yang-shupa and Hongkou.Another emphasis to rasise the water system is Songjiang New Area with a project worth US ＄4.8 million.Efforts will be made to improve public awareness about the need to protect water resources.
64.How many measures has Beijing taken to save water and protect water resources?
A.Three.  B.Four.  C.Five.  D.Six.
65.Grain-growing areas in Beijing will be reduced because _____.
A.grain can't fetch a good price in China
B.a lot of ground water will be saved by this means
C.Beijing helps to develop advanced technology
D.highly effective agriculture needs less farmland
66.Beijing can save over 537 million cubic metres by 2010 by means of _____.
a.water-saving equipmentb.effective management
c.artificial rain falld.reducing water pollution
A.abB.bc  C.bd  D.abcd
67.The author wrote the passage to tell us _____.
A. Beijing and Shanghai are short of water
B.to save every drop of water in our daily life
C.big cities like Beijing and Shanghai are trying their best to protect water resources
D.water shortages have become one of the most important problems that China has to deal with
D
The average person learns most of the 30 000～40 000 words whose meanings he or she recognizes by hearing them or getting familiar with them in the context of simply absorbing them without conscious(意识到的) effort.The best way to build a good vocabulary,therefore,is to read a great deal and to participate in a lot of good talks.There are relatively few words that we learn permanenly(永久的)by purposefully referring to dictionaries or keeping word lists.However,even those extra few are of value,and no one will make a mistake by working on developing a larger vocabulary.Here are some suggestions of how to do it.
Read plenty of good books.When you come across a new word,or a new meaning of an old word,stop and see if you can understand it from its context.If you can't,and if you can manage without interrupting the thought of the book too much,look it up in a dictionary or ask somebody and then repeat its meaning to yourself a couple of times.If you are really conscientious(认真的),write the word and its meaning in a personal vocabulary list-preferably using it in a sentence,or you can keep a special vocabulary notebook.Go over the list from time to time.Further,try to use a new word in writing or conversation a few times over the next several days.
Listen to good talks and be alert to new words you hear or to new meanings of words you already know.Then treat them just as you do the new words you read.
Learn and be alert to the parts of words:prefixes,suffixes and roots.Knowing them enables you to make intelligent guesses about the meaning of words.
If you are studying a foreign language,be alert to words in that language which relate to words in English.English has inherited(继承) or borrowed much of its vocabulary of 500 000～600 000 words from Latin,Greek,French,Spanish and German.
68.When you meet a new word in reading,what should you do?
A.Guess its meaning.	 	B.Ask somebody.
C.Look it up in a dictionary.	D.All of the above.
69.According to this passage,the best way to build a good vocabulary is _____.
A.to remember a lotB.to read a great deal
C.to take part in a lot of good talksD.both B and C
70.The phrase "be alert to" in the third paragraph may best be replaced by "_____".
A.look at  B.pay attention to  C.write down  D.learn by heart
71.In the fourth paragraph,the word "them" refers to _____.
A.the parts of wordsB.prefixes
C.suffixesD.roots
E
Feng Shoots War Film
Though war is something people hate,Director Feng Xiaoning often exposes his audience to it.
"If we don't impress the audience,who are without the painful experience of war,with the cruel injury to life and human nature war causes,how can we bring them a love of peace and objection to war?"asked the director with a glance in his eyes.
After Red River Valley and Lover's Grief over the Yellow River,both of which star Chinese model and actress Ning Jing,Feng drew a satisfactory full stop to his war trilogy(三部曲) last month with Purple Sunset.
The film tells a story which took place in 1945,at the very moment when World War Ⅱ was drawing to an end.A Chinese peasant and a Soviet woman soldier flee into a forest,where they seize a Japanese girl.They follow the girl in the hope that she will take them out of the forest,but instead they arrive in a Japanese base.Humanisty(人道主义) prevents them from killing the young,innocent(无辜的) victim of Japanese militarism.This humanity,the longing for peace and eagerness to survive,make the three unite.
"If people are touched by justice,tolerance(容忍) and unselfishness,I think I have achieved my goal,"Feng said.
Feng admits that there are violent and bloody scenes in the film,such as tanks fighting and Japanese burning Chinese people alive,to show the cruelty of war.But that's never his personal preference,he says."Everyone who has watched my films can tell how much I detest war,"he said,"I wrote all the things for my war films by myself.Whenever I finished one,I felt as though I had suffered great pain."
Feng regards every one of his productions as an opportunity to learn about human nature and humanity.In spite of violent scenes which frighten and sicken the audience,a balance is sought with beautiful scenery.Just like the snowy mountains in Red River Valley and the grand plateau(高原) in lover's Grief over the Yellow River,a beautiful vast grassland appears in this film."I used to study art and I appreciate beautiful things,"Feng said,"I believe that films should offer the audience a chance to enjoy beauty."
72.Director Feng Xiaoning shot war film because _____.
A.he was deeply interested in such a topic
B.he wanted to give the audience the painful experience of war
C.he hoped to arouse(唤起) people's love of peace and objection to war
D.he dreamed of becoming a world-famous director
73.A Chinese peasant and a Soviet woman soldier seized a Japanese girl so that _____.
A.they could find the Japanese base easily
B.she could take them out of the forest
C.they could kill her for revenge(报复)
D.it would cause the Japanese militarism to give in
74.Scenes of Japanese burning Chinese people alive in the film are to _____.
A.show that war is cruel
B.attract people's interest
C.show Feng's personal preferance in dealing with details
D.make the film moving and interesting
75.The underlined word "detest" in this passage refers to _____.
A.hate  B.like  C.flee  D.know about
第二卷(共35分)
注意事项：
1.第二卷第11至12页，用钢笔或圆珠笔直接答在试卷上。
2.答卷前将密封线内的项目填写清楚。

第四部分：写作（共两节，满分35分）
第一节：短文改错（共10小题；每小题1分，满分10分）
此题要求改正所给短文中的错误。对标有题号的每一行作出判断：如无错误，在该行右边横线上画一个勾（√）；如有错误（每行只有一个错误），则按下列情况改正：
该行多一个词：把多余的词用斜线（＼）划掉，在该行右边横线上写出该词，并也用斜线划掉。
该行缺一个词：在缺词处加一个漏字符号（∧），在该行右边横线上写出该加的词。
该行错一个词：在错的词下划一横线，在该行右边横线上写出改正后的词。
注意：原行没有错的不要改。
My brother Tom was very selfish when he was a little boy.
He did not want share things with other people. For76._____
example,when he bought a chocolate cake,he put them77._____
in a secret place where I couldn't find.Then he	78._____
ate it all,by himself.He never helped other.	 	79._____
He said he is busy.That is,a game of	80._____
tennis making him very busy.He did not care 	81._____
if something he did made people angry.For82._____
instance.on one night he played strong and83._____
loudly music till four o'clock in the morning.But	84._____
he is difference now.He often helps grandma with	85._____
housework,helps mom with cooking and helps his classmates with their lessons.

第二节：书面表达（满分25分）
根据下列内容，写一则书面通知，词数为80～100。
(1)事宜：关于计算机的用途及如何利用Internet网络进行学习的讲座；
(2)讲座人：浙江大学计算机系王书函教授；
(3)时间：12月22日，星期六，下午2∶00；
(4)地点：图书楼204室；
(5)参加对象：电脑爱好者；
(6)要求：参加者准备一些自己在学习过程中遇到的问题；
(7)组织者：校学生会；
(8)通知时间：12月19日。

仿真试题（三）答案
第一节
1.W:Here we are.Oh,no!The shop's closed for lunch from twelve to one.Excuse me,what's the time please?
M:It's a quarter past twelve.
2.M:What's the matter?Have you lost anything?
W:My room keys.I left them in the pocket of my coat but they are missing.
3.M:I'm afraid I have to call a taxi to go to the airport,for it's rather difficult for a bus to move during rush hours.
W:But I don't think that would do any good.I will drive you there by motor.
4.M:What can I do for you,madam?
W:Please show me the book on the shelf.Is that book on biology?
5.M:I'd like to see Professor Brown as soon as possible.
W:I'm sorry.He became ill on Monday.He'll probably be back on Friday.But I suggest you call on Wednesday or Thursday to be sure.
第二节
听第6段对话，回答第6～8题。
M: Excuse me,can you tell me the way to the Granada Cinema?
W:You go along this street.You take the first turning on your left.You walk about a hundred yards,and the Granada Cinema is on your left.
M:Wait a minute.I go along the street.I take the first turning on my left,walk about a hundred yards,and the Granada Cinema is on my left.
W:That's right.
M:Thank you very much.
听第7段对话，回答第9～11题。
W: Yes,please?
M:I want a stamp,please.
W:Is it for a letter or a postcard?
M:It's for a postcard.
W:Are you sending the card to someone here in England or in another country?
M:I'm sending it to a friend in England.
W:Then you need a three-penny stamp.Here you are.One three-penny stamp.
M:Thank you.
听第8段对话，回答第12～14题。
M: Today is twelfth of August.In another four days it will be my sister Mary's birthday.We will have a party.Would you please come and join us,Jean?
W:What time will the party begin?
M:At twenty to two.
W:But my sister will come to see me from Shanghai at 1:20 that afternoon.I've to meet her at the station.So I'm afraid I'll be late for the party.
M:That's all right.Do come please.
W:Sure.
听第9段对话，回答第15～17题。
M: May,what do you usually have for breakfast in America?
W:I usually have bread,fried eggs,a bowl of porridge for it.What about you,Paul?
M:I like to have ham and eggs,bread and butter,vegetable salad and orange,a usual English breakfast.
W:More and more young couples in China have come to like the western breakfast.They think it's very convenient and good for health.
M:Having western food for breakfast is good for one's health.In England since most people begin working early in the afternoon,they often have fast food for lunch such as sandwiches,apple pies,and beef noodles.
W:We often have lunch in a dining hall.
M:Do you have the habit of drinking afternoon tea with cakes?
W:No,we usually wait for dinner.It's the biggest meal of the day.All the members of the family come home and sit together,enjoying dishes with cooked rice.
听第10段独白，回答第18～20题。
Good morning,everybody.My topic for today  is "How Americans Value Time".
Americans think a great deal about time.From childhood they learn to value time.As children,they are taught to be on time to go to school,to do work and to do everything.When they are having a good time,they say that time flies.When a person is dying,they say he is living on borrowed time.
Time is money.Time is knowledge.Time is everything in America.A working American has to work hard for 8 hours a day or 40 hours a week.This is the working time. In his spare time,he also works hard for more money.Even Saturday and Sunday are filled with activities.In the street you can hardly see a man who walks slowly. They walk very fast.In fact,they are running.
1～5  BACAB   6～10 CABAB    11～15 ABCBC16～20 ABCBA
21～25 BDAAC  26～30 CDCBA31～35 DBDCB  36～40 DBCAC
41～45 DBDCB46～50 CBACB  51～55 CDAAB  56～60 DDCBD
61～65 CDBCB  66～70 ACDDB  71～75 ACBAA
76.在share前加to  77.them→it 78.where→which或that或去掉where  79.other→others 80.is→was  81.making→make 82.√ 83.去掉on 84.loudly→loud 85.difference→different
书面表达
Notice
To help students learn more about computers,we have invited Professor Wang Shuhan from the Computer Department of Zhejiang University to give us a lecture on Saturday,the twenty-second of December.Professor Wang will talk about the use of computer and how to learn through the Internet.
The lecture begins at 2:00 pm in Boom 204 of the Library Building.Any computer-lover is welcome to attend the lecture.Please bring your questions in computer learning.
Professor Wang will leave you time for questions.
Don't forget to be on time.
The Student Union
Dec. 19th