雅思(IELTS)分数档次之详细说明

    9分
　　Expert User. Has fully operational command of the language: appropriate, accurate and fluent with complete understanding. 成绩极佳,能将英语运用自如,精确、流利并能完全理解.
　　8分
　　Very Good User. Has fully operational command of the language with only occasional unsystematic inaccuracies and inappropriacies. Misunderstandings may occur in unfamiliar situations. Handles complex detailed argumentation well. 非常良好,能将英语运用自如,只是偶尔有不连接的错误和不恰当,在不熟悉的状况下可能出现误解,可将复杂细节的争论掌握的相当好.
　　7分
　　Good User. Has operational command of the language, though with occasional inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings in some situations. Generally handles complex language well and understands detailed reasoning. 良好,有能力运用英语,虽然在某些情况有时会发生不准确、不适当和误解,大致可将复杂的英语掌握的不错,也理解其全部内容.
　　6分
　　Competent User. Has generally effective command of the language despite some inaccuracies, inappropriacies and misunderstandings. Can use and understand fairly complex language, paricularly in familiar situations. (澳大利亚移民&英国留学分数线)及格,大致能有效的运用英语,虽然有不准确、不适当和误解发生,能使用并理解相当复杂的英语,特别是在熟悉的情况时.
　　5分
　　Modest User. Has partial command of the language, coping with overall meaning in most situations, though is likely to make many mistakes.Should be able to handle basic communication in own field. (加拿大移民&新西兰移民分数线)适当及格,可部分运用英语,在大多数情况下可应付全部的意思,虽然可能犯下许多错误,在本身领域内应可掌握基本的沟通.
　　4分
　　Limited User. Basic competence is limited to familiar situations. Has frequent problems in understanding and expression. Is not able to use complex language. (英国预科分数线)水平有限,只限在熟悉的状况下有基本的理解力,在理解与表达上常发生问题,无法使用复杂英语.
　　3分
　　Extremely Limited User. Conveys and understands only general meaning in very familiar situations. Frequent breakdowns in communication occur. 水平极有限,在极熟悉的情况下,只能进行一般的沟通理解.
　　2分
　　Intermittent User. No real communication is possible except for the most basic information using isolated words or short formulae in familiar situations and to meet immediate needs. Has great difficulty understanding spoken and written English. 只属于偶尔使用英语,除非在熟悉的情况,使用单词和简短的短句表达最基本的信息,在说写方面有重大的障碍.
　　1分　　
　　Non User. Essentially has no ability to use the language beyond possibly a few isolated words. 不能通过,可能只能说几个单词,无法沟通.
　　Listening & Reading有0.5分档次Writing & Speaking 只有整数档次
　　总分：为四项得分平均后，除0.5分外，全部向上进一个档次。