雅思(IELTS)考试写作试题荟萃

    雅思写作，其实写来写去就是那么几种题型，从今天开始，大家跟着我一起来练写作，不写你一定后悔：)
　　1、Some young children spend a great amount of their time practicing sports. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of this. Use specific reasons
　　2、It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship. Do you agree? Why or why not? Use reasons and examples in your answer.
　　3、Every generation of people is different in important ways. How is your generation different from your parents’generation? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.
　　4、Some people pay money for the things they want or need. Other people trade products or goods for what they need. Compare the advantages of these two ways of obtaining things. Which way do you prefer? Explain why.
　　5、Imagine that you have received some land to use as you wish. How would you use this land? Use specific details to explain your answer.
　　6、Some people like doing work by hand. Others prefer using machines. Which do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　7、You want to persuade someone to study your native language.What reasons would you give?Support your answer with specific details.
　　8、You have been asked to suggest improvements to a park that you have visited. This might be a city park.a regional park,or a national park.What improvements would you make?Why?Use specific reasons and examples to support your recommendations.
　　9、12
　　辨证客观思维题：Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?People should read only those books that are about real events,real people, and established facts.Use specific reasons and details to support your opinion.
　　9、11熟知问题：Films can tell us a lot about the country in which they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies?Use specific examples and details to support your response.
　　9、10学校教育问题：Some people say that phyical exercise should be a required part of every school day.Other people believe that students should spend the whole day on academic studies.Which opinion do you agree with?Give reasons to support your answer.
　　9、9常见选择性题：Some people prefer to spend most of their time alone.Others like to be with friends most of the time.Do you prefer to spend your time alone or with friends?Give reasons to support your answer.
　　9、8西方关注变化题：If you could invent something new.what product would you develop?Use specific details to explain why this invention in needed.
　　9、7常见比较题：It has been said."Not everything that is learned is contained in books."Compare and contrast knowledge gained from experience with knowledge gained from books.In your opinion,which source is more important?why?9、6辨证客观性思维题：
　　Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?Playing a game is fun only when you win. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　9、5--G类学生问为何不分开了，其实TASK2是一样的常见的比较性题目
　　Because of developments in communication and transportation，countries are becoming more and more alike.How is your country becoming more similar to other places in the world?Use specific examples and details support your answer.
　　9、4西方人关注的“变化”题If you could change one important thing about your hometown, what would you change? Use reasons and specific example to support your answer.
　　9、3关于学校和教育的话题--People attend colleges or universities for many different reasons(for example,new experiences,career preparation, increased knowledge).why do you think people attend colleges?Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　9、2熟知问题篇--In general. people are living longer now.Discuss the causes of this phenomenon. Use specific reasons and detail to develop your essay.
　　9、1
　　A类：Over past 50 years, young people gain status and power but old people have lost. What is the cause and is it a good development or bad development?
　　G类：Task 1:You and your family are living in a rented accommodation in an English-speaking country,You are not satisfied because there are something wrong with the furniture. So write a letter to the landlord andask how to resole the problem.
　　Task 2:Young people are exposed to a great amount of information such as film, book, Internet.In what ways they give bad influence on young people and explain the reason, how to reduce the bad influence with examples.
　　8、31
　　A类：Strong tradition对一个nation有civilize的作用do you think government should subsidizes the musicians, artists, actors or drama companies, do u agree or disagree, what should government do?
　　G类：People doing different kinds of work enjoy different amount of holiday time. Should people have the same amount of leisure time? Give your opinion using some of your own experience.
　　8、30
　　A类：Some people believe that a country should have the moral obligation to help the other country and some of the people think that exist the misspending of the government and the aid money can not be got by the poor. What is your opinion?
　　G类：Some people think that children’s lives will be different from their own. Whit is your opinion? Explain the reasons by your experience and examples.
　　8、29
　　A类：Some people think that machine translation is highly developed in today’s society, therefore it is not necessary for children to learn a foreign language. What’s your opinion?
　　G类：Today some person has to work away from his family, what is the advantages and disadvantages? Give your opinion and some explains of your experience.
　　8、28
　　A类：Someone say the age of book is past, the info will be presented by some multimedia tools such as video, computer, television and film , others think the book and the written words will be necessary for spread info & complete education. Discuss both sides and give your opinion.
　　G类：The culture of different countries are becoming similar so there is no pint for people to go traveling abroad for they could have same experience at home agree or disagree.
　　8、27
　　A类：有些人把动物当作宠物有些人则当作食物和衣服的资源你觉的呢请从以上两个方面讨论并写出自己的观点
　　G类：居住在城市里的和居住在农村里的人的性格有什么影响举例说明Your character is strongly influenced by the placeswheresyou grew up.CIn what ways can growing up in a city or growing up in the countryside influenced people’s character? Give you relative experiences.
　　8、26
　　A类：现在很多国家的学校都分男校和女校谈一下它的优缺点
　　G类：有人认为National Costumes有助于保持传统故认为人们要每天穿着National Costumes. Agree? Explain. In many countries, people don’t wear their national costume. Many people think it will forget their history and tradition. So, people should be encouraged to wear national costume every day. You agree or disagree. (This is argument topic, u should support one or another)
　　8、25
　　A类：More and more women go out to work. It is responsibility of government to provide staff and facilities for children of working mother, free of charge. To what extent do you agree or disagree.
　　G类：现在的食物和cooking都在改变请说明传统食物改变原因和看法结合所在地方的情况举例子
　　8、24：
　　A类：现在很多国家的学校存在很严重的问题是由于学生的态度引起的这些问题是怎样形成的你有什么建议来改变这种情况In many countries schools have several problems of students behavior, Please give some cause of it and some suggest.
　　G类：一些人认为母亲不能同时出去工作和成为一个好母亲所以政府应该付给母亲工资让她们好好在家带孩子你的观点用你的例子和你的经验说明
　　8、23
　　A类：英国和国际旅游业的流行会不会导致小语种和小民族的伤害The spread of English and development of the international tourism have some negative effects to the country’s language andculture development? What extent do you agree or disagree?
　　G类：有人喜欢从事高风险运动如登山等人们说不值得让救援人员冒生命危险去救他们应对生命负责对吗说自己的观点举例
　　8、22
　　A类：体育专业是否应该拿钱比其它重要的专业多，两方面讨论，还要举例子Successful sports professionals earn a great deal much more than people in other important professions describe two views and your opinion.
　　G类：关于VIOLIANTFILMS你有什么看法对人有什么影响根据你的经验说说？
　　8、21
　　A类：写某篇研究报道发现NOUNG WOMEN的犯罪率在升高，请给出一些POSSIBLE的理由和办法The rate of young women crimes is rising in the current society. What are the causes and how to solve it?
　　G类：Parent should limit children time of watching TV and playing computer game, others Insister children spend reading books, agree or disagree?
　　8、20
　　A类：Traveling abroad work for period of months or years, advandges or disadvandges to people and country
　　G类：Do you think poeple do different jobs they should have different time holidayare you agree or disagree , give your reason an explain.
　　8、19
　　竞争与合作系列
　　some people said should not encourage sport at school because it will cause competition rather than co-operation. to what extend you agree with it?