GMAT畠寔籾屈--2
10. According to the passage, the widely held view of Archean-age gold-quartz vein systems is that such systems
  (A) were formed from metamorphie fluids
  (B) originated in molten granitelike bodies
  (C) were formed from alluvial deposits
  (D) generally have surface expression
  (E) are not discoverable through chemical tests
11. The passage implies that which of the following steps would be the first performed by explorers who wish to maximize their chancex of discovering gold?
  (A) Surveying several sites known to have been formed more than two billion years ago.
  (B) Limiting exploration to sites known to have been formed from metamorphic fluid
  (C) Using an appropriate conceptual model to select a site for further exploration
  (D) Using geophysical methods to analyze rocks over a broad area
  (E) Limiting exploration to sites where alluvial gold has previously been found
12. Which of the following statements about discoveries of gold deposits is supported by information in the passage?
  (A) The number of gold discoveries made annually has increased between the time of the original gold rushes and the present.
  (B) New discoveries of gold deposits are likely to be the result of exploration techniques designed to locate buried mineralization.
  (C) It is unlikely that newly discovered gold deposits will ever yield as much as did those deposits discovered during the original gold deposits will ever yield as much as did those deposits discovered during the original gold 　　rushes.
  (D) Modern explorers are divided on the question of the untility of simple prospecting methods as a source of new discoveries of gold deposits.
  (E) Models based on the theory that gold originated from magmatic fluide have already led to new discoveries of gold deposits.
13. It can be inferred from the passage that which of the following is easiest to detect?
  (A) A gold-quartz vein system originating in magmatic fluids
  (B) A gold-quartz vein system originating in metamorphic fluids
  (C) A gold deposit that is mixed with granite
  (D) A gold deposit that has shed alluvial gold
  (E) A gold deposit that exhibits chemical halos
14. The theory mentioned in line 1 relates to the conceptual models discussed in the passage in which of the following ways?
  (A) It may furnish a valid account of ore-forming processes, and hence can support conceptual models that have great practical significance.
  (B) It suggests that ecrtain geological formations, long believed to be mineralized are in fact mineralized, thus confirming current conceptual models.
  (C) It suggests that there may not be enough similarity across Archean-age gold-quartz vein systens to warrant the formulation of conceptual models.
  (D) It corrects existing theories about the chemical halos of gold deposits and thus provides a basis for correcting current conceptual models.
  (E) It suggests that simple prospecting methods still have a higher success rate in the discovery of gold deposits than do more modern methods.
15. According to the passage, methods of exploring for gold that are widely used today are based on which of the following facts?
  (A) Most of the Earth's remaining gold deposits are still molten.
  (B) Most of the Earth's remaining deposits are exposed at the surface.
  (C) Most of the Earht's remaining gold deposits are buried and have no surface expression
  (D) Only one type of gold deposit warrants exploration since the other types of gold deposits are found in regions difficult to reach
  (E) Only one type of gold deposit warrants exploratin since the other types of gold deposits are unlikely to yield concentrated quantities of gold.
16. It can be inferred from the passage that the efficiency of model-based gold exploration depends which of the following?
The closeness of the match between the geological features identified by the model as critical and the actual geological features of a given area
The degree to which the model chosen relies on empirical observation of konwn mineral deposits rather than on theories of ore-forming processes
The degree to which the model chosen is based on an accurate description of the events leading to mineralization
　　　While there is no blueprint for transforming a largely government-controlled economy into a free one, the experience of the United Kingdom 　since 1979 clearly
Line shows one approach that works: privatization, in which
(5) state-owned industries are sold to private companies. By 1979, the total borrowings and losses of state-owned industries were running at about f3 　billion a year. By selling many of these industries, the government has 　decreased these borrowings and losses gained over f3-4
(10) billion from the sales and now receives tax revenues from the newly privatized companies. Along with a dramatically improved overall economy. the government has been able to repay 12.5 percent of the net national debt 　over a two-year period.
(15) In fact privatization has not only rescued individual industries and a whole economy headed for disaster but has also raised the level of performance in every area. At British Airways and British Gas, for example, productivity per 　employee has risen by 20 percent. At Associated
(20) British Port. labor disruptions common in the 1970's and early 1980's have now virtually disappeared. At British Telecom, there is no longer a waiting list-as there always was before privatization-to have a telephone installed. 　was before privatization-to have a telephone installed.
　　　Part of this improved productivity has come about
(25) because the employees of privatized industries were given the opportunity to buy shares in their own companies. They responded enthusiastically to the offer of shares: at British Acrospace 89 percent of the eligible work force 　bought shares: at Associated British Ports 90percent: and at
(30) British Telecom 92 percent When people have a personal stake in something, they think about it ,care about it, work to make it prosper. At the National Freight Consortium, the new employee-owners grew so concerned 　about their company's profits that during wage negotiations they
(35) actually pressed their union to lower its wage demands.
　　　Some economists have suggested that giving away free shares would provide a needed acceleration of the privatization process. Yet they miss 　Thomas Paine's point that "what we obtain too cheap we esteem too lightly." 　in
(40) order for the far-ranging benefits of individual ownership to be achieved by owners, companies and countries, employees and other individuals must make their own decisions to buy, and they must commit some of their own 　resources to the cboice.
17. Accordign to the passage, all of the following were benefits of privatizing state-owned industries in the United Kingdom EXCEPT:
  (A) Privatized industries paid taxes to the government
  (B) The government gained revenue from selling state-owned industries.
  (C) The government repaid some of its national debt.
  (D) Profits from industries that were still state-owned increased.
  (E) Total borrowings and losses of state-owned industries decreased.
18. According to the passage, which of the following resulted in increased productivity in companies that have been privatized?
  (A) A lareg number of employees chose to purchase shares in their companies.
  (B) Free shares were widely distributed to individual sharcholdens.
  (C) The government ceassed to regulate major industries.
  (D) Unions conducted wage negotiations for employees.
  (E) Employee-owners agreed to have their wages lowered.
19. It can be inferred from the passage that the author considers labor disruptions to be
  (A) an inevitable problem in a weak national economy
  (B) a positive sign of cmployee concern about a company
  (C) a predictor of cmployee reactions to a company's offer to sell shares to then
  (D) a phenomenon found more often in state-owned industries than in private companies
  (E) a deterrence to high performance levels in an industry
20. The passage supports which of the following statements about employees buying shares in their own companies?
  (A) At three different companies, approximately nine out of ten of the workers were eligible to buy shares in their companies.
  (B) Approxlmately 90% of the ellgible workers at three different companies chose to buy shares in their companies
  (C) The opportunity to buy shares was diseouraged by at least some labor unions.
  (D) Companies that demonstrated the highest productivity were the first to allow their employees the opporrunity to buy shares.
  (E) Eligibility to buy shares was contingent on employees' agreeing to increased work loads.
21. Which of the following statements is most consistent with the principle described in lines 30-32?
  (A) A democratie government that decides it is inappropriate to own a particular industry has in no way abdicated its responsibilities as guardina of the public interest
  (B) The ideal way for a government to protect employee interests is to force companies to maintain their share of a contpetitive market without government subsidies.
  (C) The failure to harness the power of self-interest is an important reason that state-owned industries perform poorly.
  (D) Governments that want to implement privatization programs must try to eliminate all resistance to the free-market system.
  (E) The individual sharebolder will reap only a minute share of the gains from whatever sacrifices he or she makes to achieve these gains.
22. Which of the following can be inferred from the passage about the privatization process in the United Kingdom?
  (A) It depends to a potentlally dangerous degtee on individual ownership of shares
  (B) It conforms in its most general outlines to Thomas Palne's pecriptlon for business ownership.
  (C) It was originally conceived to include some giving away of free shares.
  (D) It has been successful, even though privatization has failed in other countries.
  (E) It is taking place more slowly than some economists suggest is necessary.
23. The quotation in line 39 is most probably used to
  (A) counter a position that the author of the passage believes is incorrect
  (B) state a solution to a problem described in the previous sentence
  (C) show hos opponents of the viewpoint of the author of the passage have supported their arguments
  (D) point out a paradox contained in a controversial viewpoint
  (E) prescent a historical maxlm to challenge the principle introduced in the third paragraph
SECTION 5
Time-25 minutes
16 Questions
Directions: In this section solve each problem, using any available space on the page for scratchwork. Then indicate the best of the answer choices given.
Numbers: All numbers used are real numbers.
Figures: Figures that accompany problems in this section are intended to provide in formation useful in solving the problems. They are drawn as accurately as possible EXCEPT when it is stated in a specific problem that its figure is not drawn to seale. All figures lie in a plane unless otherwise indieated.
2. Kelly and Chris packed several boxes with books. If Chris packed 60 percent of the total number of boxes, what was the ration of the number of boxes Kelly packed to the number of boxes Chris packed?
  (A) 1 to 6
  (B) 1 to 4
  (C) 2 to 5
  (D) 3 to 5
  (E) 2 to 3
3. A train travels from New York City to Chicago. a distance of approximately 840 miles, at an average rate of 60 miles per hour and arrives in Chicago at 6:00 in the evening, Chicageo time.At what hour in the morning, New York City time, did the train depart for Chicago? (Note: Chieago time is one hour earlier than New York City time.)
  (A) 4:00
  (B) 5:00
  (C) 6:00
  (D) 7:00
  (E) 8:00
4. Of the following, which is the closest apposimation of
5. Last year Manfred received 26 paychecks. Each of his first 6 paychecks was $750; each of his remaining paychecks was $30 more than each of his first 6 paychecks. To the nearest dollar, what was the average (arithmetic mean) amount of his paychecks for the year?
  (A) $752
  (B) $755
  (C) $765
  (D) $773
  (E) $775
6. A certain pair of used shoes can be repaired for $12.50 and will last for 1 year. A pair of the same kind of shoes can be purchased new for $28.00 and will last for 2 years. The average cost per year of the new shoes is what percent greater than the cost of repairing the used shoes?
  (A) 3%
  (B) 5%
  (C) 12%
  (D) 15%
  (E) 24%
7. In a certain brick wall. each row of bricks above the bottom row contains one less brick than the row just below it. if there are 5 rows in all and a total of 12 backs to the wall, how many books does the bottom tow contain?
  (A) 14
  (B) 15
  (C) 16
  (D) 17
  (E) 18
8. If 25 percent of p is equal to 10 percent fo q, and pqo, then p is what percent of q?
  (A) 2.5%
  (B) 15%
  (C) 20%
  (D) 35%
  (E) 40%
9. If the length of an edge of cube x is twice the length of an edge of cube Y, what is the ratio of the volume of cube Y to the volume of cube X?
10.
  (A) 2
  (B) 3
  (C) 2
  (D) 5
  (E) 6
11.In a certain calculus class, the ratio of the number of mathematics majors to the number of students who are not mathematies majors is 2 to 5, If 2 more mathematies majors were to enter the class, the ratio would be 1 to 2. How many students are in the class?
  (A) 10
  (B) 12
  (C) 21
  (D) 28
  (E) 35
12. Machines A and B always operate independently and at their respective constant rates.When working alone, machine A can fill a production lot in 5 hours, and machine B can fill the same lot in x hours. When the two machines operate simultaneously to fill the production lot, it takes them 2 hours to complete the job. What is the value of x?
13. In the xy-coordinate system, if (a, b) and (a+3, b+k) are two points on the line defined by the equation x=3y-7, then k=
  (A) 9
  (B) 3
  (C)
  (D) 1
  (E)
14. What is the units digit of (13)4 (17)2 (29)3?
  (A) 9
  (B) 7
  (C) 5
  (D) 3
  (E) 1
Note: Figure not drawn to seake.
15. The shaded negion in the figure above represents a rectangular frame with length 18 inches and width 15 inches. The frame encloses a rectangular picture that has the same area as the frame itself. If the length and width of the picture have the same ratio as the length and width of the frame. what is the length of the picture, in inches?
16. Pat will walk from interscetion X to intersection Y along a route that is confined to square grid of four streets and three avenues shown in the map above, How many routes from X to Y can Pat take that have the minimum possible length?
  (A) Six
  (B) Eight
  (C) Ten
  (D) Fourteen
  (E) Sixteen
SECTION 6
Time-25 minutes
22 Questions
1. Lawmakers are examining measures that would require backs to diselose all fees and account requirements in writing. provide free eashing of sovermment checks, and to create hasie savings accounts to carry minimal fees and require minimal initial deposits.
  (A) provide free cashing of government checks, and to create basie savings accounts to carry
  (B) provide free cashing of government checks, and creating basie savings accounts carrying
  (C) to provide free cashing of government checks, and creating basie savings accounts carrying
  (D) to provide free cashing of government checks, creating basie savings accounts to carry.
  (E) to provide free cashing of government checks, and to create basie savings accounts that carry.
2. Cajuns speak a dialect brought to southern Louisians by the four thousand Acadians who migrated there in 1755; their language is basically seventeenth-century French to which has been added Englisht, Spanish and linlimn words.
  (A) to which has been added English, Spanish, and latlian words
  (B) added to which is English, Spanish, and italian words
  (C) to which English, Spanish, and italian words have been added
  (D) with English, Spanish, and italian words having been added to it
  (E) and, in addition, English, Spanish, and italian words are added.
3. NOT SCORED
4. Unlike the United States, where farmers can usually depend on rain or snow all year long, the rains in most parts of Sri Lanka are concentrated in the monsoon months, June to September, and the skies are generally clear for the rest of the year.
  (A) Unlike the United States, where farmers can usually depend on rain or snow all year long, the rains in most parts of Sri Lanka.
  (B) Unlike the United States farmers, who can usually depend on rain or snow all year long, the rains in most parts of Sri Lanka.
  (C) Unlike those of the United States, where farmers can usually depend on min or snow all year long, must parts of Sri Lankss ralns
  (D) In comparison with the United States, whose farmers can usually depend on rain or snow all year long, the rains in most parts of Sri Lanka
  (E) In the United States, farmers can usually depend on rain or snow all year long, but in most parts of Sri Lanks rains
5. Presenters at the seminar, one who is blind, will demonstrate adaptive equipment that allows visually impaired people to use computers.
  (A) one who
  (B) one of them who
  (C) and one of them who
  (D) one of whom
  (E) one of which
6. Dr. Tonegawn won the Nobel Prize for discovering how the body can constantly change its genes to fashion a seeming unlimited number of antibodies each specifically targeted at an invading microde or foreign substance.
  (A) seeming unlinited number of antibodies, each specifically targeted at
  (B) seeming unlinited number of antibodies, each specifically targeted to
  (C) seeming unlinited number of antibodies, all specifically targeted at
  (D) seemingly unlinited number of antibodies, all of them targeted specifically to
  (E) seemingly unlinited number of antibodies, each specifically targeted at
7. It is possible that Native Americans originally have migrated to the Western Hemisphere over a bridge of land that once existed between Siberin and Alaska.
  (A) have migrated to the Western Hemisphere over a bridge of land that once existed
  (B) were migrating to the Western Hemisphere over a bridge of land that existed once
  (C) migrated over a bridge of land to the Western Hemisphere that once existed
  (D) migrated to the Western Hemisphere over a bridge of land that once existed
  (E) were migrating to the Western Hemisphere over a bridge of land existing once
8. In the fall of 1985, only 10 percent of the women entering college planned to major in education, while 28 percent chose business making it the most popular major for women as well as for men.
  (A) as well as for men
  (B) as well as the men
  (C) and men too
  (D) and men as well
  (E) and also men
9. Because the Earth's crust is more solid there and thus better able to transmit shock waves, an earthquake of a given magnitude typically devastates an area 100 times greater in the eastern United States than it does in the West.
  (A) of a given magnitude typically devastates an area 100 times greater in the eastern United States than it does in the West.
  (B) of a given magnitude will typically devastate 100 times the area if it occurs in the eastern United States instead of the West
  (C) will typically devastate 100 times the area in the eastern United States than one of comparable magnitude occurring in the West
  (D) in the eastern United States will typically devastate an area 100 times greater than will a quake of comparable magnitude occuring in the West.
  (E) that occurs in the eastern United States will typically devastate 100 times more area than if it occurred with comparable magnitude in the West.
10. Although Napoleon's army entered Russion with far more supplies than they had in their previous campaigns, it had provisions for only twenty-four days.
  (A) they had in their previous campaigns
  (B) their previous campaigns had had
  (C) they had for any previous campaign
  (D) in their previous campaigns
  (E) for any previous campaign
11. Certain pesticides can become ineffective if used repeatedly in the same place; one reason is suggeated by the finding that there are much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes in soils with a relatively long history of pesticide use than in soils that are free of such chemicals.
  (A) Certain pesticides can become ineffective if used repeatedly in the same place; one reason is suggested by the finding that there are much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes in soils with a relatively long 　　history of pesticide use than in soils that are free of such chemicals.
  (B) If used repeatedly in the same place, one reason that certain pesticides can become ineffective is suggested by the finding that there are much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes in soils with a relatively long 　　history of pesticide use than in soils that are free of such chemicals.
  (C) If used repeatedly in the same place, one reason certain pesticides can become ineffective is suggested by the finding that much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes are found in soils with a relatively long 　　history of pesticide use than those that are free of such chemicals.
  (D) The finding that there are much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes in soils with a relatively long history of pesticide use than in soils that are free of such chemicals is suggestive of one reason, if used 　　repeatedly in the same place, certain pesticides can become ineffective.
  (E) The finding of much larger populations of pesticide-degrading microbes in soils with a relatively long history of pesticide use than in those that are free of such chemicals suggests one reason certain pesticides can 　　become ineffective if used repeatedly in the same place.
12. One view of the economy contends that a large drop in all prdces should eveatually lead to lowring interest rates, as well as lowering fears about inflation, a rally in stocks and bonds, and a weakening of the dollar.
  (A) lowering interest rates, as well as lowering fears about inflation.
  (B) a lowering of interest rates and of fears about inflstlon.
  (C) a lowering of interest rates, along with fears about inflation.
  (D) interest rates being lowered, along with fears about inflation.
  (E) interest rates and fears about inflation being lowered, with
13. After the Civil War contemporaries of Harriet Tubman's maintained that she has all of the qualities of a great leader coolness in the face of danger an excellent sense of strategy and an ability to plan in minute detail.
  (A) Tubman's maintained that she has
  (B) Tubman's maintained that she had
  (C) Tubman's have maintained that she had
  (D) Tubman maintained that she had
  (E) Tubman had maintained that she has
14. From 1982 to 1987 sales of new small boats increased between five and ten percent annually.
  (A) From 1982 to 1987 sales of new small boats increased between five and ten percent annually.
  (B) Five to ten percent is the annual increase in sales of new small boats in the years 1982 to 1987.
  (C) Sales of new small boats have increased annually five and ten percent in the years 1982 to 1987.
  (D) Annually an increase of five to ten percent has occurred between 1982 to 1987 in the sales of new small boats.
  (E) Occurring from 1982 to 1987 was an annual increase of five and ten percent in the sales of new small boats.
15. In recent years cattle brceders have increasingly used crossbrceding in part that their steers should nequire certain characteristies and partly because crossbreeding is said to provide ltybrid vigor.
  (A) in part that their steers should acquire certain characteristies
  (B) in part for the acquisition of certain characteristies in their steers.
  (C) partly because of their steers acquiring certain characteristies
  (D) party because certain characteristies should be acquired by their steers.
  (E) partly to acquire certain characteristies in their steers
16. The peaks of a mountain range, acting like rocks in a streambed, produce ripples in the air flowing over therm: the resulting flow pattern, with crests and troughs that remain stationary although the air that forms them is moving rapidly are known as "standing waves".
  (A) crests and throughs that remain stationary although the air that forms them is moving rapidly are
  (B) crests and troughs that remain stationary although they are formed by rapklly moving air are
  (C) crests and troughs that remain stationary although the air that forms them is moving rapidly is
  (D) stationary crests and troughs although the air that forms them is moving rapidly are
  (E) stationary crests and troughs although they are formed by rapidly moving air is
17. Like Auden the language of James Merrill Is chatty arch and conversational-given to complex syntactie flights as well as to prosaic free-verse strolls.
  (A) Like Auden the language of James Merrill
  (B) Like Auden, James Merrill's language
  (C) Like Auden's, James Merrill's language
  (D) As with Auden, James Merrill's language
  (E) As is Auden's the language of James Merrill
18. In the textbook publishing business, the second quartes is historically weak, because revenues are low and marketing expenses are high as companies preapar for the coming school year.
  (A) low and marketing expenses are high as companies prepare
  (B) low and their marketing expenses are high as they prepare
  (C) low with higher marketing expenses in preparation
  (D) low, while marketing expenses are higher to prepare
  (E) low, while their marketing expensees are higher in preparation
19. Teratomas are unusual forms of cancer because they are composed of tissues such as tooth and bone not normally found in the organ in which the tumor appears.
  (A) because they are composed of tissues such as tooth and bone
  (B) because they are composed of tissues like tooth and bone that are
  (C) because they are composed of tissues, like tooth and bone, tissues
  (D) in that their composition, tissues such as tooth and bone, is
  (E) in that they are composed of tissues such as tooth and bone, tissues
20. The Senate approved immigration legislation that would grant permanent residency to millions of aliens curreatly residing here and if employers hired illegal aliens they would be penalized.
  (A) if employers hired illegal aliens they would be penalized
  (B) hiring illegal aliens would be a penalty for employers
  (C) penalize employers who hire illegal aliens
  (D) penalizing employers hiring illegal aliens
  (E) employers to be penalized for hiring illegal aliens
21. Scientists have recently discovered what could be the largest and oldest living organism on Earth, a giant fungus that is an interwoven filigree of mushrooms and roothke temtacles apawned by a aingle fertillzed spore some 10,000 years ago and extending for more than 30 acres in the soil of a Michigan forest.
  (A) extending
  (B) extends
  (C) extended
  (D) it extended
  (E) is extending
22. The period when the great painted caves at Lascaux and Altamlra were occupled by Upper Paleollthle people has been established by carbon-14 dating, but what is much more difficult to determine are the reason for their decoration, the use to which primitive people put the caves, and the meaning of the magnificently depicted animals.
  (A) has been established by carbon-14 dating, but what is much more difficult to determine are
  (B) has been established by carbon-14 dating, but what is much more difficult to determine is
  (C)have been established by carbon-14 dating, but what is much more difficult to determine is
  (D) have been established by carbon-14 dating, but what is much more difficult to determine are
  (E) are established by carbon-14 dating, but which is much more difficult to determine is
SECTION 7
Time-25 minutes
20 Questions
  A Statement (1) ALONE is sufficient, but statement (2) alone is not sufficient.
  B Statement (2) ALONE is sufficient, but statement (1) alone is not sufficient.
  C BOTH statements TOGETHER are sufficient, but NETTHER statement ALONE is sufficient.
  D EACH statement ALONE is sufficeint.
  E Statements (1) and (2) TOGETHER are NOT sufficient.
1. If the list price of a new car was $12,300, what was the cost of the car to the dealer?
  (1) The cost to the dealer was equal to 80 percent of the list price.
  (2) The car was sold for $11,070, which was 12.5 percent more than the cost to the dealer.
2. If p, q, x, y, and z are different positive integers, which of the five integers is the median?
  (1) p+x<q
  (2) y<z
3. A certain employee is paid $6 per hour for an 8-hour workday. If the employee is paid 1times thie rate for time worked in excess of 8 hours during a single day, how many hours did the employee work today?
  (1) The employee was paid $18 more for hours worked today than for hours worked yesterday.
  (2) Yesterday the employee worked 8 hours.
4. If n is a member of the set{33, 36, 38, 39, 41, 42},
what is the value of n?
  (1) n is even.
  (2) n is a multiple of 3.
5. What is the value of x?
  (1)2x+1=0
  (2) (x+1)2=x2
6. In the figure above, what is the length of AD?
  (1) AC=6
  (2) BD=6
7. A retailer purchased a television set for x percent less than its list price, and they sold for y percent less than its list price. What was the list price of the television set?
  (1) x=15
  (2) x-y-6
8. Is x2 greater than x?
  (1) x2 is greater than 1.
  (2) x is greater than -1.
9. What is the value of ?
  (1)
  (2) r+s=10
10. If x, y, and z are numbers, is z=18?
  (1) The average (arithmetic mean) of x, y. and z is 6.
  (2) x=-y
11. The circular base of an above-ground swimming pool lies in a level yard and just and just touches two straight sides of a fence at points A and B as shown in the figure above, Point C is on the ground where the two sides of the fence meet. How far from the center of the pool's base is point A?
  (1) The base has area 250 square feet.
  (2) The center of the base is 20 feet from point C.
12. In 1979 Mr. Jackson bought a total of n shares of stock X and Mrs. Jackson bought a total of 300 shares of stick X. If the couple held all of their respective shares throughout 1980, and Mr. Jackson's 1980 dividends on his n shares totaled $150, what was the total amount of Mrs. Jackson's 1980 dividends on her 300 shares?
  (1) In 1980 the annual dividend on each share of stock X was $0.75
  (2) In 1979 Mr. Jackson bought a total of 200 shares of stock X.
14. What is the value of ?
15. An infinite sequence of positive integers is called an "alpha sequence" if the number of even integers in the sequence is finite. If Sis an infinite sequence of positive integers, is S an alpha sequence?
  (1) The first ten integers in S are even.
  (2) An infinite number of integers in S are odd.
16. If xy>0, does (x-1)(y-1)=1?
  (1) x+y=xy
  (2) x=y
17. After winning 50 percent of the first 20 games it played. Team A won all of the remaining games it played. What was the tota