2004定冩梢伏深編哂囂庁亭編籾(匯)---1

    SectionListening Comprehension
　　Directions:
　　This section is designed to test your ability to understand spoken English. You will hear a selection of recorded materials and you must answer the questions that accompany them. There are three parts in this section, Part A, Part B and Part C.
　　Remember, while you are doing the test, you should first put down your answers in your test booklet. At the end of the listening comprehension section, you willhave 5 minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.
　　If you have any questions, you may raise your hand NOW as you will not be allowed to speak once the test has started.
　　Now look at Part A in your test booklet.
　　Part A
　　Directions:
　　You will hear a conversation about TV shows. Listen to it and fill out the tablewith the information youve heard for questions 1-5. Some of the information has been given to you in the table. Write only 1 word in each numbered box. You will hear the recording twice. You now have 25 seconds to read the table below.(5 points)
　　These are actually old shows, but NBC has of them.
　　1
　　Frie Channels like Nick-at-Nite show sit-coms almost every night except Sundays.
　　2
　　Channel 45 is Super-Station. That channel has a lot good .
　　3
　　What's bothering me is the .
　　4
　　A two-hour movie can run three and half hours because of the commercials. That's really .
　　5
　　Part B
　　Directions:
　　You will hear a talk about obesity (fatness) and heart diseases. For questions 6-10, complete the sentences and answer the questions while you listen. Do not use more than three words for each answer. You will hear the recording twice. You now have 25 seconds to read the sentences and questions below. (5 points)
　　The reports that the number of overweight people is increasing.
　　6
　　Obese people are fatter than those who are .
　　7
　　Health experts fear this increase in obesity will lead to an increase in the number of people with heart .
　　8
　　is another common problem caused by obesity.
　　9
　　People in cities eat fewer fruits and vegetables and more fatty foods and foods with no .
　　10
　　Part C
　　Directions:
　　You will hear three pieces of recorded material. Before listening to each one, you will have time to read the questions related to it. While listening, answer each question by choosing A, B, C or D. After listening, you will have time to check your answers. You will hear each piece once only.
　　Questions 11-13 are based on the following talk about the great musician Beethoven. You now have 15 seconds to read questions 11-13.
　　11. Beethoven was firmly established as the greatest composer of his time.
　　A.with his powerful middle-period works.
　　B.when his first three piano concertos, his first two symphonies and a set of six string quartets were finished.
　　C.around 1802.
　　D.around 1795.
　　12. The years after 1812 were relatively unproductive because .
　　A.he felt good in his romantic relationships
　　B.he realized that his hearing was compromised
　　C.he felt inadequate to create more musical pieces
　　D.He was seriously depressed
　　13. For Beethoven, the act of composition had always been a ; in the late works the sense of agonizing effort is a part of the music.
　　A.enjoyment
　　B.play
　　C.struggle
　　D.routine
　　You now have 30 seconds to check your answers to Questions 11-13.
　　Questions 14-16 are based on the following talk about how separate public schools for boys and girls in the United States. You now have 15 seconds to read questions 14-16.
　　14. The Bush administration's attitude towards the single-sex school is .
　　A.disapproved
　　B.supportive
　　C.vague
　　D.ignore
　　15. For thirty years, the government has generally disapproved of these single-sex public schools. It has done so because of .
　　A.1972 law called Title Nine
　　B.the government bans unequal treatment based on sex
　　C.Education Department officials say they will reconsider the law
　　D.children can learn better in single-sex schools
　　16. Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE?
　　A.girls who attend school with boys may not do as well as the boys.
　　B.some teachers and schools do not treat girls equally
　　C.single-sex education generally does not appear to help girls.
　　D.research about the effects of same-sex schools has shown no resultsYou now have 30 seconds to check your answers to Questions 14-16.
　　Questions 17-20 are based on the following talk about a new healthy drink developed by the Coca-Cola company for people in developing countries. You now have 15 seconds to read questions 17-20.
　　17. The new drink Vitango .
　　A.tastes like orange drink
　　B.contains twenty vitamins and minerals
　　C.designed to help prevent blood problems, blindness and other common sicknesses
　　D.for people in developing countries
　　18. The United Nations Children's Fund says the most common vitamins lacking in the diets of people in developing countries does not include .
　　A.iodine
　　B.vitamin A
　　C.zinc
　　D.calcium
　　19. Many in developing countries do not receive enough zinc in their diets.
　　A.children
　　B.men
　　C.women
　　D.pregnant women
　　20. Which of the following statement is NOT TRUE?
　　A.Vitango is fully developed
　　B.it will be on the market by the end of 2002.
　　C.The Coca-Cola Company will offer it first in at least one country in Africa and South America.
　　D.the company hopes to sell it throughout the world at as low a cost as possible.
　　You now have 40 seconds to check your answers to Questions 17-20.
　　You now have 5 minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.
　　That is the end of Listening Comprehension.
　　SectionÅUse of English
　　Directions:
　　For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEETby blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (10 points)
　　During recent years we have heard much about＾race￣: how this race does certain things and that race believes certain things and so on. Yet, the 21 phenomenon of race consists of a few surface indications.
　　We judge race usually 22 the coloring of the skin: a white race, a brown race, a yellow race and a black race. But 23 you were to remove the skin you could not 24 anything about the race to which the individual belonged. There is 25 in physical structure. The brain or the internal organs to 26 a difference.
　　There are four types of blood. 27 types are found in every race, and no type is distinct to any race. Human brains are the 28 . No scientists could examine a brain and tell you the race to which the individual belonged. Brains will 29 in size, but this occurs within every race 30 does size have anything todo with intelligence. The largest brain 31 examined belonged to a person of weak 32 . On the other hand, some of our most distinguished people have had 33 brains.
　　Mental tests which are reasonably 34 show no differences inintelligence between races. High and low test results both can be recorded by different members of any race. 35 equal educational advantages, there will be no difference in average standings, either on account of race or geographical location. Individuals of every race 36 civilization to go backward or forward. Training and education can change the response of asgroupsof people, 37 enable them a behave in a 38 way.
　　The behavior and ideals of people change according to circumstances, but they can always go back or go on to something new 39 is better and higher than anything 40 the past.
　　21. A. complete    B. full    C. total     D. whole
　　22. A. in          B. from    C. at        D. on
　　23. A. since       B. if      C. as        D. while
　　24. A. speak       B. talk    C. tell      D. mention
　　25. A. something   B. everything    C. nothing        D. anything
　　26. A. display     B. indicate       C. demonstrate    D. appear
　　27. A. All         B. Most           C. No             D. Some
　　28. A. same        B. identical      C. similar        D. alike
　　29. A. remain      B. increase       C. decrease        D. vary
　　30. A. Only        B. Or             C. Nor              D. So
　　31. A. ever        B. then           C. never 　　       D. once
　　32. A. health      B. body           C. mind             D. thought
　　33. A. big         B. small          C. minor            D. major
　　34. A. true        B. exact          C. certain          D. accurate
　　35. A. Provided    B. Concerning     C. Given 　　       D. Following
　　36. A. make        B. cause          C. move             D. turn
　　37. A. and         B. but            C. though           D. so
　　38. A. ordinary    B. peculiar       C. usual 　　       D. common
　　39. A. that        B. what           C. whichever        D. whatever
　　40. A. for         B. to             C. within            D. in
　　Section‰Reading Comprehension
　　Part A
　　Directions:
　　Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each question there are four answers markedA,B,CandD. Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the question. Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET I by blackening the corresponding letter in the bracket with a pencil. (40 points)
　　Passage One
　　In another sign that Hispanics will dominate California's future, a university study has found the ethnicsgroupsaccounted for nearly half of all births in the state by the end of the last decade. Hispanic mothers had 247,796 of the 521,265children born in California in 1998, or 47.5 percent, according to the University of California, Los Angeles study released in December 2001. Non-Hispanic Whites had 33.9 percent, followed by Asians and Pacific Islanders with 10.7 percent.
　　Blacks represented 6.8 percent of births and American Indians a half-percent of all births. California's future economic health depends upon those Hispanics, who soon will be the majority of young adults and hence the working force, says David Hayes-Bautista, director of the Center for the Study of Latino Health and Culture at UCLA.
　　The study, based on state health department statistics, confirms the ethnic shift that made 2001 the year California officially lost its White majority. The U.S. Census showed that Hispanics made up nearly a third while non-Hispanic Whites slipped to less than half of the state's total population of 33.9 million. California's experience is part of a＾sea change￣in the United States,swheres23 states already have Hispanics as their largest ethnic minority. Dr. Harry Pachon says,＾Hispanics are becoming more prominent in everything from movies to politics,and that is good for the state. If there was no penetration of social and political institutions, then you would have an isolated minority and that's a recipe
　　for social unrest. On the other hand, by the third generation one of every two Hispanics have married outside of their ethnic group. There's a Latinization of America but there's also an Americanization of Latinos. By third generation, a lot of them are losing their Spanish, they prefer American NFL to soccer.￣
　　Overall, nearly 65 percent of all Hispanic mothers were immigrants, ranking themsecond to Asian and Pacific Islanders at more than 84 percent. The babies tend to grow up healthy as well. Studies have shown that at virtually all stages of life, Hispanics, at least in California, Arizona and Texas, tended to suffer fewer major health problems, such as heart attacks, cancer and strokes, than other ethnic groups, Hayes-Bautista noted. Only about 15 percent of Hispanic mothers were 19 years old or younger. By comparison nearly 17 percent of Blacks and 19 percent of American Indians were teen-agers. Non-Hispanic Whites had a figure of nearly 7 percent.
　　41. Hispanic mothers had of the babies born in California in 1998.
　　A.50%        B.47.5%         C.33.9%         D.10.7%
　　42. David Hayes-Bautista believes that .
　　A.Hispanics will become the backbone of future Californian economy
　　B.the white culture will dominate California's future
　　C.the state government should keep control on the population growth
　　D.the population distribution should be somehow re-arranged
　　43. By 2001, Carlifornia has .
　　A.more Hispanics than any other ethnic group
　　B.white people as minority
　　C.NonHispanic white is still the largestsgroupsby number
　　D.Asian population of 13
　　44. Dr. Harry Pachon is most likely to agree with which of the following statements?
　　A.It's good that Hispanics are more involved in politics.
　　B.Social unrests are more likely to occur when one ethnicsgroupsbecomes overpowering.
　　C.Hispanics are more likely to marry within their own ethnic group.
　　D.Latinization of America is taking place faster than the Americanization ofLatinos.
　　45. What can be inferred from the last paragraph?
　　A.The percentage of immigrant Hispanic mothers is the highest among all ethnic groups.
　　B.Hispanic babies all over the United States are typically healthier than other babies.
　　C.Non-Hispanic White mothers are the least likely to be teenagers.
　　D.Nearly 19 percent of Blacks were teenagers.
　　Passage Two
　　More Americans are cohabiting-living together out of wedlock-than ever. Some experts applaud the practice, but others warn playing house doesnt always lead tomarital bliss. At one time in America, living together out of wedlock was scandalous. Unmarried couples who＾shacked up￣were said to be＾living in sin.￣Indeed, cohabitation was illegal throughout the country until about 1970. (It remains illegal in 12 states, although the laws are rarely, if ever, enforced.) Today, statistics tell a different tale. The number of unwed couples living together hasrisen to a new high-more than 4.1 million as of March 1997, according to the Census Bureau. That figure was up from 3.96 million couples the previous year and represents a quantum leap from the 430,000 cohabiting couples counted in 1960.
　　The bureau found that cohabiting is most popular in the 24-to-35 age group, accounting for 1.6 million such couples. Cohabitants say they live together primarily to solidify their love and commitment to each other, studies report. Most intend to marry; only 13 percent of cohabitants dont expect to make their relationship legal. But the reality for many couples is different: Moving in doesnt leadto＾happily ever after.￣Forty percent of cohabitants never make it to the altar. Of the 60 percent who do marry, more than half divorce within 10 years (compared with 30 percent of married couples who didnt live together first).
　　Cohabiting partners are more unfaithful and fight more often than married couples, according to research by the Howard Center for Family, Religion and Society. Other studies have come to equally dour conclusions.
　　Still, experts predict the number of cohabiting couples is likely to grow. As the children of the baby boomers come of age, theyre likely to defer marriage, asdid their parents. This will lead to more cohabitation and nontraditional families. Analyst Robert Knight of the Family Research Council agrees the trend will hold for the near future. Until people discover that living together has pitfalls, it wont wane in popularity, says Knight, author of Age of Consent: The Rise
　　of Relativism and Corruption of Popular Culture. Cohabiting has been portrayed with＾careful neutrality￣in the media, and Hollywood celebrities who move in and out of each other's homes set the standard.
　　But Warren Farrell, the San Diego-based author of Why Men Are the Way They Are, argues that living together is a good idea for a short period.＾To make the jumpfrom dating, when we put our best foot forward, to being married￣-without showing each other the＾shadow side of ourselves￣-is to treat marriage frivolously,he says.
　　46. It is suggested in the passage that .
　　A.cohabitation is still illegal in all the states in the United Statesbut people do it anyway
　　B.people believe it is sinful for unmarried couples to live together
　　C.most of married people have had some experience of cohabiting with someone
　　D.unmarried couples almost never encounter legal troubles for living together
　　47. Based on the numbers provided in the passage, it can be inferred that.
　　A.the number of cohabiting couples has gone up tremendously since the 1960s
　　B.cohabitation did not become legal in the United States until 1960
　　C.most of the couples living together eventually dont get married
　　D.divorce rate among the cohabitants is similar to that of the married couples who didnt live together first
　　48. In the year 1996, the number of people involved in cohabitations was .
　　A.4.1 million     B.3.96 million       C.430,000    D.1.6 million
　　49. Experts say the current trend of cohabitation will persist because .
　　A.young people today oftentimes come from broken families
　　B.people are often unaware of the danger of living together
　　C.people tend to follow the examples of Hollywood celebrities who are often involved in cohabitation
　　D.both B and C
　　50. What does the word＾frivolously￣(last paragraph, last line) most probably mean?
　　A.emotionally
　　B.lightly
　　C.responsibly
　　D.falsely
　　Passage Three
　　A report on a new software that enables eyes to do the typing appears in Wednesday's edition of the journal Nature. Replacing a keyboard or mouse, eye-scanningcameras mounted on computers have become necessary tools for people without limbs or those affected with paralysis. The camera tracks the movement of the eye, allowing users to＾type￣on a virtual keyboard as they look at the screen. And now, researchers from the Cavendish Laboratory at Cambridge University say they have developed software that replaces the standard QWERTY keyboard layout with onethat is nearly twice as efficient, more accurate and easier on the eyes. CalledDasher, the prototype program tapssintosthe natural gaze of the eye and makes predictable words and phrases simpler to write. Any off-the-shelf camera capable of scanning eye movement can be used with Dasher, though the person must sit fairly still during the interaction.
　　The letters of the alphabet appear in a single column on the right of the screen, with an underscore symbol to represent a space. Each letter is framed by a colored box. As the user looks at a particular letter on the right side of the screen and drags it to the left with their eye, another sub-alphabet column begins to emerge inside the box on the right-hand side, along with more letters framed in colored boxes. Dasher is designed to anticipate which letter will be needed, so although the successive sub-alphabet columns are initially very small, the letters or combination of letters that simultaneously appear are most likely to be used next in that sequence. For example, if a person starts with the letter＾h,￣the language models in Dasher will bring up＾a,￣＾e,￣＾i,￣＾o￣and＾u￣in the sub-alphabet box, along with a few other possible combinations like＾ello￣to form the word＾hello.￣Each box has a complete alphabet within it, though the firstletters to appear have the highest probability of usage. The letters are then placed together to form a sentence on the left side of the screen.
　　Researchers say people will be able to write up to 25 words per minute with Dasher compared to on-screen keyboards, which they say average about 15 words per minute. With a bit of practice, MacKay said, Dasher offers an easier and more satisfying way for disabled people to communicate, providing them with better tools to write e-mail or create word processor files. MacKay said Dasher could work inmost languages.
　　51.＾Paralysis￣(paragraph 1, line 4) is probably .
　　A.short-sightedness
　　B.allergy
　　C.inability to move
　　D.color-blindness
　　52. With the new software Dasher, people can type with their eyes through.
    A.a computer screen with eye-scanning sensors
　　B.an eye-scanning camera on computer
　　C.a colored box attached to the computer
　　D.a regular keyboard with sensors
　　53. The new method of typing will most benefit those people who .
    A.have reading difficulties
　　B.are physically challenged
　　C.are visually incompetent
　　D.do not have a big vocabulary