GRE '93考题精选（四）--1

College librarian: Until three years ago, nonstudents
used the library without charge. Then, because of our
decreased budget, they were asked to pay $100 per year.
Nevertheless, about 150 nonstudents still use the library
without paying. We will therefore gain financially if we
hire a guard to identify nonstudents and ensure that they
have paid the fee.
　
Which of the following would it be most important to
know in order to evaluate the librarian's conclusion ?

The number of students who use the library annually.
The library's budget this year.
Whether the library has installed an expensive
　computerized cataloging system.
How much the library's budget was decreased three
　years ago.
The annual cost to the library of hiring a guard.

答案：(E)

The first people to inhabit North America came from
Asia. Scientists had hypothesized that these people
traveled across a now-submerged landmass that connected
the two continents until 14,000 years ago, depending for
food only on the land animals they hunted as they traveled.
Recent discoveries have led to the new hypothesis that the
first people came by boat along the southern shore of the
landmass, eating fish and sea mammals.
　
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the new hypothesis
by casting doubt on the earlier hypothesis?

The landmass connecting North America and Asia extended
　very far to the north.
In Europe, maritime cultures primarily dependent on the
　sea for food developed no earlier than 10,000 years ago.
People living in Asia at the time the two continents
　were connected hunted land animals for food.
The landmass was so bitterly cold that its vegetation
　would have been too sparse to support land animals.
Sophisticated and mature cultures that display great
　similarities to each other existed as far back as 8,000
　years ago in North America and Asia.

答案：(D)

A backpacker is choosing a route through a national park
that has six campsites―Quakerbridge, Rockside, Stonybrook,
Terraces, Underhill, and Vernon. The backpacker will spend
exactly four consecutive nights in the park, with one night
at Underhill and with one night each in three of the other
campsites. Any route is acceptable as long as it conforms
to the following conditions:
　
　If Quakerbridge is chosen, Rockside must also be chosen.
　Rockside and Terraces cannot both be chosen.
　Terraces cannot be chosen for the night that comes next
　　after the night spent at Underhill.
Which of the following is an acceptable sequence of
campsites, from first to last?
Quakerbridge, Rockside, Terraces, Underhill
Quakerbridge, Rockside, Vernon, Stonybrook
Quakerbridge, Rockside, Vernon, Underhill
Quakerbridge, Stonybrook, Terraces, Underhill
Stonybrook, Underhill, Terraces, Vernon

答案：(C)

If Quakerbridge is chosen, which of the following
campsites CANNOT be among those chosen?
Rockside
Stonybrook
Terraces
Underhill
Vernon

答案：(C)

If the third night is spent at Terraces, then the
second night must be spent at either
Quakerbridge or Vernon
Rockside or Stonybrook
Stonybrook or Vernon
Underhill or Stonybrook
Underhill or Vernon

答案：(C)

Of the following decisions, which will allow the
backpacker to choose a route from the largest number
of acceptable campsite sequences that include both
Terraces and Underhill?
The first night will be spent at Terraces.
The first night will be spent at Underhill.
The second night will be spent at Underhill.
The third night will be spent at Underhill.
The fourth night will be spent at Terraces.

答案：(A)

If the backpacker chooses Stonybrook, Terraces, and
Vernon, with the stays at Stonybrook and Vernon as many
nights apart as possible, which of the following must be true?
The first night is spent at Underhill.
The first night is spent at Vernon.
The second night is spent at Terraces.
The second night is spent at Underhill.
The fourth night is spent at Vernon.

答案：(C)

The parental choice program allows parents to choose
which public school in their school district their children
will attend. Districts that have adopted the program have
had a subsequent decline in the rate of high school dropouts.
The program, therefore, can improve the quality of public education.
　
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the conclusion drawn
above?

School administrators and teachers who know that
　students have the right to transfer else where will
　become more responsive to students educational needs.
The program is one of a number of proposals that
　do hot require increases in funds for education.
Some students dropped out of schools in districts
　that had the program.
The parental choice program would require parents
　to be responsible for the transportation of their children
　to and from any school other than the one closest to home.
Most school districts have provisions that make it
　relatively easy to transfer a teacher from one school
　in the district to another.

答案：(A)

Although the ratio of physicians to total population
is about the same in the United States and Canada, the
United States has 33 percent more surgeons per capita.
Clearly. this is the reason people in the United States
undergo 40 percent more operations per capita than do
Canadians.
　
The explanation given above rests on an assumption that

patients in the United States do not have a greater
　need for surgery than do patients in Canada.
the population of the United States is not larger
　than that of Canada.
United States patients sometimes travel to Canada
　for certain kinds of surgery
general practitioners in the United States do not
　as a rule examine a patient who is a candidate for surgery
　before sending the patient to a surgeon
there are no unnecessary surgical operations performed
　in Canada.

答案：(A)

问题：上面的解释所基于的假设是什么？
读题：尽管医生对总人口的比例在美国和加拿大是相同的，美国平均每人要多33%的外科医生。很明显，这是美国比加拿大平均每人要接受40%更多手术的原因。
　　
分析：很明显，第四行this is the reason说明前面是原因，后面是结论
　　
为什么美国人比加拿大人接受更多手术呢？
给出的解释是: 美国平均每人要多33%的外科医生
　　
原文用医生多解释了手术多。
此类Assumption形式一般为：
　1、没有其他的原因来解释上面这个事实。答案一般具有否定词
　2、直接假设，外科医生与手术之间的关系。
a. 美国的病人不比加拿大的病人有更多的外科手术的需求 去掉not, 美国的病人比加拿大的病人有更多的外科手术的需求, 表示有其他的原因，所以A就是ASSUMPTION)
　
b.　没有美国的人口不比加拿大多（文中谈的是人均）

A new ordinance passed by the Gorento Council a year
ago banned the sale of all nonrecyclable plastic packaging
for food being sold in Gorenton. A substantial percentage
of Gorenton's plastic waste, however, is still composed of
nonrecyclable plastic food packaging.
　
Which of the following, if true, best contributes to
reconciling the apparent discrepancy above?

Fewer food products are packaged in nonrecyclable
　plastics today than were so packaged a year ago.
The new ordinance affects only plastic food packaging
　and not other products packaged in plastic, many of which
　are sold in Gorenton.
Grocery and other stores in nearby suburban areas
　patronized by many Gorenton residents are unaffected by
　the new ordinance.
Many food products formerly packaged in nonrecyclable
　plastics are now specially packaged in recyclable plastic
　before being shipped so that they can be sold in Gorenton.
The total amount of both Gorenton's trash and its
　plastic waste grew considerably over the past year.

答案：(C)


One way for people to cut back on oil use is to switch
to other types of fuel.Because wood is a renewable resource
and can always be kept in constant supply, the use of wood
instead of oil for home heating would be one way to assure
the availability of energy resources in the future.
　
The argument above would be most seriously weakened if
which of the following were true?

In every country that uses wood for heating, wood is
　used to provide only part, not all of the heat for a home.
Every country that has ever used wood for heating has
　depleted its forests before the forests were able to
　regenerate themselves.
Every country that has used wood for home heating has
　done so only because it possessed a limited amount of other
　natural resources.
Many countries that use wood primarily for heating have
　a high incidence of fires that are due to improperly
　installed wood stoves.
In some countries the wood that would be used for home
　heating is owned by the government.

答案：(B)

问题：如果下面哪一个正确，上面的论述将被削弱？
读题：一个削减石油使用的方法是转向其他类型的能源。因为木材是一种可以更新的能源并且总是保持不断的供应，使用木材取代石油作为家用加热是保证将来能量资源获得的一种方法。
　
分析：文中第二行because引导原因，因为木材是可以更新的能源并且可以保持不断的供应原因由because引导，反对一般为直接反对原因
　 a. 在每一个使用木材作为加热的国家，木材提供部分而不是全部的家用加热。（与原因无关，木材提供部分不能够说明什么，你并没有说石油是唯一的家用加热来源
　
b. 每个曾经使用木材作为加热的国家在木材能够再生之前，已经耗尽了森林。（直接反对原因，无法持续不断供应）

An architect designs a row of nine town houses, numbered
consecutively 1 through 9. The row will stand apart from
any other buildings. Each house will have exactly one of
five different kinds of siding―granite, plaster, shingle,
tile, or wood. In choosing sidings for the houses, the
architect always observes the following restrictions
　
　Each kind of siding must be used on at least one house
　　in the row.
　If a house has wood siding, it must be immediately
　　adjacent to at least one house with shingle siding.
　Neither a house with wood siding nor a house with
　　shingle siding can be immediately adjacent to a house
　　with tile siding.
　If a house has granite siding, it must be immediately
　　adjacent to at least one house with either tile siding
　　or plaster siding.
　Neither house 4 nor house 9 can have shingle siding.
Which of the following is an acceptable selection of
sidings for the first five houses in the row?
House 1 House 2 House 3 House 4 House5
Granite Plaster Shingle Wood Tile
Granite Shingle Wood Plaster Tile
Shingle Granite Wood Plaster Tile
Shingle Wood Plaster Granite Tile
Tile Granite Plaster Shingle Wood

答案：(D)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一
　　　g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，
所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，
对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

If house 2 has tile siding. which of the following
can have shingle siding?
House 1
House 3
House 4
House 5
House 9

答案：(D)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一 g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

If houses 1 and 3 have granite sidings, and houses
5 and 7 have Plaster siding, then the siding on house 8
must be
granite
plaster
shingle
tile
wood

答案：(C)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一　g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，
所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，
对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

如果1,3=g, 5,7=p，那么8是谁？
　解题步骤：
　1　3　5　7　8　9
　g　g　p　p
1、找涉及g,p的条件，只有条件4可用，但它确定的是位置2=t/p
2、已经没有别的条件可以用上，到目前为止该如何下手呢？
　以前我们已经说过，排列题中面临这种情况可以选考虑一下连续，1,3,5,７已经有元
　素，使连续的地方仅留下了8,9，而条件2是一个连续条件(ws)，所以(ws)=89,
3、而s≠4,9,则s=8

If the only house with granite siding is house 2 and
if house 6 has tile siding, which of the following houses
can have wood siding?
House 3
House 5
House 7
House 9
House 9

答案：(E)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一
　　　g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，
所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，
对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

如果g=2（注意这是仅有的g）并且t=6,下面哪一个可能是w？
　　2　3　4　5 6　7　8　9
　　g t
1、首先我们看一下g、t的条件，
由条件3：～(w/s t)得，w≠5,7
2、问哪一个可能是w，而涉及w的条件还有(ws)/(sws)，因此放w的地方必须有至少两个
　连续空间
3、现在留下的连续空间只有34/89, 故(ws)=34/89,
由于s≠4,9，故w可以为4or9，所以选E

If the only house with wood siding is house 3, then
any of the following houses can have tile siding EXCEFT
house
1
5
6
8
9

答案：(A)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一
　　　g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，
所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，
对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

如果仅有的有w屋顶的是3，那么下面哪一个可能有t，EXCEPT?
　解题步骤:
1、找涉及w的条件,由条件2 (ws)/(sws)得，s=2,4中至少一个
在有s≠4,9得，　s=2
2、在由 ～(w/s t)得，t≠1

If houses 4 and 5 have wood siding and if houses 1
and 8 have plaster siding, then the siding on house must
be
granite
plaster
shingle
tile
wood

答案：(D)
读题：一个设计师设计一排9个房屋从1到9，每个屋子用5种不同类型屋顶之一
　　　g、p、s、t、w
写条件：
1、≥1 （表示每种屋顶至少被使用一次）
2、w→（ws）/（sws） （表示有W，则W和至少一个S相邻）
3、～（w/s t） （表示W,S不和t相邻）
　　4、g→(g t/p)/(tgp) （表示有g,则g和t,p至少一个相邻）
　　5、s≠4,9 （表示4,9不能为S）
　
条件总结：
由条件1知，每种屋顶至少被使用一次，
所以对条件2，条件4来说，必然存在w,g，充分条件可转化为一种固定的必然条件，
对W：一定有(ws)/（sws）
对g：一定有(g t/p)/(tgp)

如果4,5=w，并且如果1,8=p，那么9是什么？
　　1 2 3　4　5　6 7 8　9
　　p s　w　w　s p
1、由(ws)/(sws)得，3,6=s，还剩下2个元素t,g，它们中必然要
在2,7,9中找到自己的位置
2、由条件3：～(w/s t)得，t≠2,7，所以t=9


A museum manager must assign security guards to guard a
four-day exhibit, lasting from Wednesday through Saturday.
Exactly two guards must be assigned to be on duty together
on each of the four days. The manager has eight guards―
Gail, Helena, Jose, Kiel,Lamar, Mary, Pam, and Ralph―to
assign. Each guard must be assigned, and guard assignments
are subject to the following condition:
　Ralph cannot be assigned to the Saturday shift.
　Gail cannot be assigned to the same day as Jose.
　Gail cannot be assigned to the Thursday shift.
　Jose must be assigned to either the Wednesday or the Saturday shift
　Kiel must be assigned to the same day as Mary.
　Pam must be assigned to the Thursday shift.
If Gail is assigned to the Saturday shift, which of
the following must be assigned to the Wednesday shift?
Helena
Jose
Kiel
Lamar
Ralph

答案：(B)

If Kiel is assigned to the Saturday shift, which of
the following must be true?
Gail is assigned to the Friday shift.
Helena is assigned to the Wednesday shift.
Jose is assigned to the Saturday shift.
Lamar is assigned to the Friday shift.
Ralph is assigned to the Thursday shift.

答案：(A)

If Kiel is assigned to the Friday shift. which of
the following is a pair of guards who can be assigned
to the Wednesday shift?
Gail and Helena
Gail and Pam
Helena and Lamar
Jose and Mary
Lamar and Ralph

答案：(A)


GRE '93考题精选（四）

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

摘自：《试题库 》(2002-02-06)
上一页  1 2 3  下一页
If Mary is assigned to the Wednesday shift, which
the following must be true?
Gail is assigned to the Friday shift.
Helena is assigned to the Saturday shift.
Jose is assigned to the Wednesday shift.
Ralph is assigned to the Thursday shift.
Ralph is assigned to the Friday shift.

答案：(A)

If Gail and Helena are assigned to the Wednesday
shift, which of the following is the pair of guards
who must be assigned to the Saturday shift?
Lamar and Ralph
Kiel and Mary
Jose and Ralph
Jose and Mary
Jose and Lamar

答案：(E)

For the United States meat industry, there is good
news and bad news. The bad news is that over the last
three years people in the United States have been eating
less meat. The good news, is that during this same time
period meat producers' profits have risen steadily.
　
Which of the following, if true during the last three
years, contributes most to a resolution of the apparent
discrepancy above?

People have been eating less meat because they are
　more health conscious than in the past.
In the United States many new restaurants that
　specialize in vegetarian meals have opened.
Competition from the growing fish industry has
　forced meat producers to sell meat at bargain prices
　in an attempt to attract more consumers.
Countries that are unable to produce enough meat for
　their populations have become a new and lucrative market
　for United States meat producers.
Meat producers have invested large amounts of money
　in advertising in order to win back consumers who have
　decreased their meet consumption.

答案：(D)

Simon: We still do not know whether machines might
　be able to think. Computers are able to perform very
　sophisticated tasks but lack the flexibility charac-
　teristic of human intelligence.
　
Roberta: We do not need more sophisticated computers
　to know whether machines can think, we humans are machines
　and we think.
　
Roberta's response to Simon is based on a reinter-
pretation of the term

"computer"
"know"
"machine"
"sophisticated"
"think"

答案：(C)

The dramatic rise in the number of homeless people
in the 1980's cannot be attributed to the discharge of
mentally ill persons from hospitals into community care,
even though it is true that provisions for such community
care are for the most part nonexistent.
　
Which of the following, if true, best supports the claim above?

The policy of discharging mentally ill persons from
　hospitals was based on the supposition that their illnesses
　could be controlled by newly developed drugs.
Without supervision in a hospital setting, those people
　whose mental illness can be controlled by medication might
　not actually take prescribed medication.
Some community care programs for mentally ill persons
　did exist in the 1980's. but those programs consisted
　primarily of outpatient clinics.
The policy of discharging significant numbers of
　mentally ill persons from hospitals took effect in the
　1960's.
There have always been some people in large cities
　who have led a homeless existence.

答案：(D)





The fact that a theory is ------- does not necessarily
------- its scientific truth, which must be established
by unbiased controlled studies.

plausible.. ensure
popular.. limit
venerable.. override
cohesive. undermine
cumbersome.. alleviate

答案：(A)

unbiased: a.不偏袒一方的，无偏见的，公正的
controlled: a（通过对照实验）得到检验的，得到核实的，被核对的
plausible: a.1.（论点等）貌似有理（真实）的 2.（人）貌似可信的
venerable: a.值得敬重的，令人崇敬的
override: v.1.（以更大的权力）撤销，推翻，使无效 2.优先于，压倒
cohesive: a.1.黏合在一起的 2.团结的，结合的 3.有内聚力的
cumbersome: a.笨重的，累赘的
alleviate: v.使（痛苦等）易于忍受，减轻，缓和
某一理论貌似有理，这一事实并不一定能保证其科学真理，而科学真理则必须通过不偏不
倚的、采用对照实验予以核实的研究来确立。

It is difficult to distinguish between the things that
charismatic figures do ------- and those that are carefully
contrived for effect.

formally
publicly
prolifically
spontaneously
willfully

答案：(D)

charismatic: a.1.能吸引人们为之效忠的，极有性格魅力的 2.有神授超凡能力的
contrive: v.谋划，策划
prolific: a.富于创造力的，丰富的，多产的
spontaneous: a.自发的，自然的，无意识的，不由自主的
villfully: adv.1.任性地，执拗地 2.故意地，存心地
在极有性格魅力的人物自发而为的事情以及那些处心积虑为了表面效应而策划的事情之
间，很难作出区分。

The development of containers, possibly made from bark
or the skins of animals, although this is a matter of
-------, allowed the extensive sharing of forage foods
in prehistoric human societies.

record
fact
degree
importance
conjecture

答案：(E)

container: n.1.容器 2.容量 3.集装箱
bark: n.树皮
forage: n.草料，饲料
prehistoric: a.有文字记载的历史以前的，史前的
conjecture: n.推测，猜测，揣摩
在史前时期的人类社会中，容器很有可能是从树皮或动物的皮革制造而成的，尽管此事仅
是一种猜测，但容器的发展却使草料食物的大规模分享成为可能。

Although the young violinist's ------- performance,
with the orchestra demonstrated his technical competence.
his uninspired style and lack of interpretive maturity
labeled him as a novice musician rather than as a truly
------- performer.

spectacular.. conventional
blundering.. artistic
marginal.. inept
steady.. .accomplished
dazzling.. unskilled

答案：(D)

demonstrate: v.1.论证，证明 2.说明，教 3.显示，表露
competence: n.能力，胜任，称职
uninspired: a.未得灵感启发的，缺乏创见的，单调乏味的
novice: n.新手，生手，初学者，新信徒，新皈依的教徒
conventional: a.常规的，惯例的，符合传统的，因循守旧的
blunder: v.笨拙地做，铸成大错
marginal: a.1.边缘的，勉强的 2.微不足道的
inept: a.1.不恰当的，不合适的 2.无能愚蠢的
accomplished: a.熟练的，有造诣的，有才艺的
dazzling: a.耀眼眩目的，非凡的
尽管这位年轻小提琴手与乐队平稳的合奏展示出他技术上的胜任，但他那全无灵气的风格
以及演绎成熟性的缺乏标志着他仅是个音乐新手，而非真正有造诣的演奏家。

Even though political editorializing was not -------
under the new regime, journalists still experienced -----,
though perceptible, governmental pressure to limit dissent.

restricted.. clear
encouraged.. strong
forbidden.. discreet
commended.. overt
permitted.. regular

答案：(C)

editorialize: v.发表社论，撰写社论
regime: n.政治制度，政体，政权
dissent: n.异议，不同意见
discreet: a.1.谨慎的，慎重的 2.朴素的，不显眼的
commend: v.1.表扬，称颂 2.推荐
overt: a.公开的，明显的
尽管在新政权统治下，政治社论的撰写发表未遭禁止，但新闻记者们仍然体验到了政府为
限制不同政见而施加的不显著的――尽管仍是可以觉察到的――压力。


The trick for Michael was to ----- his son an illusory
orderliness; only alone at night, when the boy was asleep,
could Michael ----- the chaos he kept hidden from his son.

explore with.. demonstrate
conjure for.. acknowledge
conceal from.. dispel
demystify for.. escape
endure with.. abandon

答案：(B)

illusory: a.虚幻的，迷惑人的
orderliness: n.1.整齐状态，条理性 2.遵守秩序
chaos: n.混乱，紊乱
conjure: v.1.念咒召唤（神灵等） 2.用魔术作成（或变出），魔术般地作出（或变出）
acknowledge: v.1.承认 2.告知，确认 3.就…表示谢忱，报偿
dispel: v.1.驱散 2.消除
demystify: v.使…非神秘化，使…不再迷惑不解
对于麦克尔来说，整个把戏就是给他儿子玩戏法似地营造某种虚幻的有条不紊的样子；只
有在夜晚，当他儿子入睡后他孑然一身时，麦克尔才能承认他对其儿子所隐瞒的那种杂乱无章。

The ------- costumes of Renaissance Italy, with their
gold and silver embroidery and figured brocades, were the
antithesis of Spanish -------, with its dark muted colors,
plain short capes, and high collars edged with small ruffs.

striking.. obliqueness
extravagant.. profligacy
austere.. informality
unpretentious.. asceticism
sumptuous.. sobriety

答案：(E)

embroidery: n.1.刺绣，绣花 2.润饰，渲染，夸张
figured: a.1.有形状的 2.用图形表示的 3.有花想方设法图案的 4.有文采的，词藻
富丽的
brocade: n.锦缎，织锦
antithesis: n.1.对照，对立 2.对立面，形成鲜明对照的事物 3.〔修辞〕对偶句
oblique: n.1.倾斜的 2.转弯抹角的，不光明正大的
extravagant: a.铺张的，侈奢的，挥霍浪费的
profligacy: n.1.放荡，荒淫，行为不检 2.挥霍浪费
austere: a.1.严峻的，严厉的，严酷的 2.禁欲的 3.朴素的，简朴的
informality: n.非正式，不拘礼节
unpretentious: a.不矫饰的，不夸耀的，朴实无华的
asceticism: n.1.禁欲（或苦行）主义 2.禁欲（或苦行）生涯
sumptuous: a.奢侈的，豪华的，昂贵的，华丽的
sobriety: n.1.冷静，清醒 2.适度，有节制 3.严肃，持重
文艺复兴时期，意大利那些奢华的服饰，以其金银绣品和提花锦缎，与西班牙服饰的朴实
无华构成了鲜明的对比，西班牙的服饰颜色暗淡柔和，斗篷短而朴素，高领圈边沿仅缀以小的
轮状皱领。


DISPERSE: RECONVENE::

believe: persuade
explain : understand
tell: know
dismiss.: reinstate
increase: recombine

答案：(D)

谴散:再召集
相信:劝说
解释:理解
告诉:知道
解职:复职
增加:重组

AUTOBIOGRAPHY: REMINISCE::

satire :daily
manual : confirm
will: recant
eulogy : praise
testimony: admonish

答案：(D)

自传:追忆往事
讽刺作品:闲荡(调戏)
手册，说明书:证实
遗嘱:改变，取消
赞颂:赞扬
证言:告诫(敦促)


BACTERIUM : COLONY::

army: invasion
citizen: nation
resident: apartment
furniture: house
wheel: automobile

答案：(B)

细菌:群，菌落(殖民地)
军队:入侵
公民:民族
居住者:公寓
家俱:房屋
轮子:汽车
LARDER: FOOD::

depository : storage
terminal: aircraft
garage: mechanics
armory: munitions
factory: tools

答案：(D)