04年10月自考英语写作基础试题

课程代码：00597
Ⅰ.重写句子(本大题共10小题,每小题1.5,共15分)
Revise the following sentences according to the requirement.
Example: The history of English words is the history of our civilization in many ways.(Periodic sentence)
In many ways, the history of English words is the history of our civilization.
1.The enemy ran away as soon as they saw our flag. ( simple sentence)
2.A high mountain stands in the east. A large river flows in the west.(compound sentence)
3.At last my wish is realized. The government has granted me permission to go to the West.(complex sentence)
4.Jun Ji Hyun(全智贤), a South Korean actress, has earned the adoration of the and audiences. She presents an honest, flawed character beautifully in the film Sassy.(compound-complex sentence)
5.Iraq’s fallen dictator Saddam Hussein refused to answer any questions or recognize any of his crimes when he was brought to court.(Periodic sentence)
6.Former American President, Ronald Reagan, died at the age of 83(1911-2004).He was the oldest president in American history.(long sentence)
7.He learned how to categorize and draw animals accurately.(Parallel structure)
8.The men of the expedition put their faith in Washington’s leadership after they were completely out of touch with their families for over two years.(periodic sentence)
9.The store had the outdoor grill I wanted. The clerk wouldn’t sell it to me. It was the food sample.(compound-complex sentence)
10.The tall hedge muffled(减弱)the noise. The hedge surrounded my house.(complex sentence)
Ⅱ.改写病句(本大题共5小题,每小题3分,共15分)
Correct the errors in the following sentences.
Example: After seeing an offensive mouthwash ad on television. I resolved never to buy that brand again.
After seeing an offensive mouthwash ad on television, I resolved never to buy that brand again.
11.To keep the girl students interested in getting in shape, an exercise program was set up for the summer months.
12.Although the season has not yet begun has caused the public to get overly anxious for information about the team.
13.Daisy was an adult, married, and had a young daughter.
14.The reason for Holden’s disappointment being that his sister wasn’t there to comfort him.
15.She paid five dollars for a dress at the county fair that she wanted.
Ⅲ.标出主题句（本大题共3小题，每小题5分，共15分）
16.Choose the best topic sentence from the group below. Write the choice in the blank.
A. In later adulthood, we begin to come to terms with our own mortality.
B. There are various stages of human development.
C. Adolescence is typically a time of identity crisis.
D. Psychologists report that we pass through various stages of development throughout our lives.
Answer:
17.Read the following paragraph and underline the topic sentence.
What has happened to the American male? For a long time, he seemed utterly confident in his manhood, sure of his masculine (男性的) role in society, easy and definite in his sense of sexual identity. The frontiersmen(边远地区居民) of James Fenimore Cooper, for example, never had any concern about masculinity; they were men, and it did not occur to them to think twice about it. Even well into the twentieth century, the heroes of Dreiser, of Fitzgerald, of Hemingway remain men. But one begins to detect a new theme emerging in some of these authors, especially in Hemingway: the theme of the male hero increasingly preoccupied with proving his virility(男子气概)to himself. And by mid-century, the male role had plainly lost its rugged clarity of outline. Today men are more and more conscious of maleness not as a fact but as a problem. The ways by which American men affirm their masculinity are uncertain and obscure. There are multiplying signs, indeed, that something has gone badly wrong with the American male’s conception of himself.
18.Read the following paragraph carefully and select the best topic sentence from the four possible answers that follow the paragraph.
Topic Sentence:
“Music,”the teacher would tell his pupils,“is a state of being. It is not so much knowledge and know-how .If you want to be good at playing an instrument, let music get hold of you first and this will in turn get hold your muscles and make them produce the music that is now inside you. How can music come out of an instrument if it is not first put into it? And who is to put it there? The composer, the maker of the instrument, the printed score or the player?”
A. If you want to be good at playing an instrument, let music get hold of you first.
B. It is about stages of learning to play an instrument.
C. Only when the player puts the music into the instrument, can music come out of it.
D. Only when the maker of the instrument puts the music into the instrument, can music come out of it.
Ⅳ.重新组合段落（本大题共5小题，每小题1分，共5分）
Rearrange the following numbered sentences so that they will read logically. Put the numbers in proper sequence in the boxes provided below.
19.When the eyes begin to move, this is a sign of another change─the person is dreaming.
20.If a person continues to sleep, she or he enters a new stage, a more active stage.
21.There are two kinds of sleep: active sleep and passive sleep.
22.Throughout the night, people alternate between passive and active to being active, and then dreaming occurs.
23.And as the brain becomes more active, the eyes begin to move rapidly.
24.This stage is known as slow-wave sleep because the brain waves move in a very slow,
regular rhythm.
25.The body goes through several changes: the brain temperature rises, the amount of blood in the brain increases, the body becomes very still, and the brain goes from being very inactive to being active.
26.In passive sleep, the body is at rest, the heart slows down and the brain becomes very inactive.
Ⅴ.标出与段落内容无关的句子（本大题共10分）
Read the following paragraphs and cross out the irrelevant sentences.
To the American visitor, Iceland is a very interesting country, partly because it is different in so many ways from what he or she is used to seeing at home. There are quite a few things that are not done, or that do not exist on the island─quite a few no’s.
There is no pollution, for instance. No dogs are permitted in Reykjavik, the capital. There is no television on Thursdays or during the entire month of July, and only three hours of black-and-white TV the rest of the time. Because many people now worry about the effect that TV has on the young. There is no hard liquor on Wednesdays and no beer at any time. There are no handguns; even the police do not carry them. Crime is so rare that there is only one jail of thirty-five cells in the entire land─an admirable figure, even for a small country of 222，000 people.
There is no army, air force or navy. There is no tipping for anything. There are no large stores open on Saturdays and on Sundays. Since Iceland is situated just under the Arctic Circle, there is no darkness in summer and no daylight in winter. Therefore, people prefer summer to winter. But thanks to Gulf Stream, the climate is rather mild, with temperatures ranging from thirty-four degrees Fahrenheit to fifty-two degrees in July.
The rules on television, liquor, and guns are the result of governmental decision. But the absence of pollution is due in great part to the hot springs that come out of the ground; in fact, Iceland uses only 3 percent of all its available power.
Ⅵ.写信(本大题共40分)
Write a letter of complaints according to the following situation: You (Liu Dan)bought an air conditioner in Sun Appliances and had it installed the other day, but you found that the fan made too much noise when the machine operated. You demand the store to send a representative to check it up. In your letter, provide the specific defects of the air conditioner, the date of purchase, the serial number of it and the way to contact you.(150-200words)