LSAT题型与GMAT逻辑的异同

    LSAT逻辑题型及典型问法：
　　△加强题
　　Which one of the following statements, if added as a premise to the argument, would make the conclusion valid / strengthen the argument?
　　Which one of the following, if true, would make the conclusion in the passage a logical conclusion?
　　Which one of the following is an additional piece of information that would support the conclusion?
　　△削弱题
　　Which one of the following statements, if true, most clearly undermines / seriously weaken the conclusion / argument?
　　Which one of the following assertions, if true, provides the most effective challenge to the author’s conclusion?
　　△假设题
　　Which one of the following is an assumption on which the author’s argument relies?
　　Which one of the following most accurately states a hidden assumption that the author must make insgroupsto advance the argument above?
　　Which one of the following is a presupposition essential to the reasoning in the passage above?
　　△评价题
　　Which one of the following is the most accurate evaluation of the author’s reply?
　　Which one of the following principles, if valid, justifies the author’s argument?
　　Which one of the following would it be most helpful to know insgroupsto evaluate the argument?
　　△解释题
　　The author concludes that ... partly because...
　　Which one of the following, if true, argues most strongly against the explanation reported in the passage?
　　Which one of the following, if true, most helps to explain why ...?
　　Which one of the following principles, if established, would justify the judgments about A’s & B’s actions?)
　　△矛盾解决题(也可归类到解释题里)
　　Which one of the following, if true, most helps to resolve the apparent discrepancy between the two?
　　Which one of the following, if true, most helps explain the difference in...?
　　Which one of the following, if true, most helps to reconcile the author’s decision with the goal stated in the passage?
　　△结论(归纳)题
　　It can be concluded from the statements above that...
　　Which one of the following statements most accurately expresses the author’s main point?
　　Which one of the following statements CANNOT be true?
　　Which one of the following inferences can be most reliably drawn from the passage above?
　　The passage as a whole is structured to lead to which one of the following conclusions?
　　Which one of the following is the best statement of the primary point of the passage?
　　Each of the following can be inferred from his argument EXCEPT...
　　Which one of the following claims is central to the author’s argument?
　　If the statements above are true, then which one of the following must also be true?
　　△句子完成(划线填空)题
　　Which one of the following is the best completion of the argument above?
　　Based on the passage above, which phrase does NOT provide a logical completion to the following sentence?
　　△信息支持(反向加强)题
　　Which one of the following is most strongly supported by the information above?
　　The statement above, if true, most strongly support which one of the following claim?
　　△推理缺陷题
　　What is the flaw in the reasoning above?
　　The author’s argument is logically flawed in that it...
　　The source of the man’s erroneous reasoning is his...
　　The reasoning in the argument is most vulnerable to the criticism that it...
　　△逻辑相似性题
　　Which one of the following is most similar in logic to the argument above?
　　Which one of the following exhibits the same logical flaw as that exhibited above?
　　Which one of the following could be best supported by the same type of reasoning as that exhibited in the passage?
　　Which one of the following contains the error of reasoning described by the author in the passage?
　　Which one of the following most closely parallels the flawed pattern of reasoning in the author’s reply?
　　△逻辑相悖题
　　In which one of the following situations is the principle expressed most clearly violated?
　　△两人争论内容题
　　The source of A & B’s dispute is their lack of agreement on which one of the following terms? Which one of the following is the point at issue between A & B?
　　△逻辑策略方法题
　　Which one of the following is the best line of causal analysis for A to do?
　　The author establishes his position in the passage by doing which one of the following?
　　The author of the passage argues by...;The argument seeks to do which one of the following?
　　A most seriously weakens B’s argument by doing which one of the following?Which one of the following techniques of argument does the author use in the passage?
　　A’s statement most closely conforms to which one of the following principles?
　　The relationship if A’s response to B’s argument is that A’s response...A responds to B’s argument by...How is A’s response related to B’s argument?
　　注：有些问法可以归为不止一类；一些较冷僻的问法没有列在括号里，但应该不会影响判断。
　　从以上题型可以看出，LSAT前几种题型和GMAT是完全一样的，这类题要么难度和GMAT不相上下，要么在阅读难度和逻辑绕圈子上难一些，是较之GMAT更上一层楼的题。
　　后几种涉及到逻辑推理的具体方法，GMAT中没涉及到，但其实后几种才是LSAT的精华，才是真正提高逻辑水平的训练，才是LSAT借以CRACK GMAT的法宝，所以是不能略去不做的。
　　GMAT逻辑有“句子作用题”，LSAT中没涉及到，但基本上靠新东方给的方法就能搞定，有阅读能力作后盾这种题更是小菜。通过练习逻辑策略方法题，做句子作用题的能力可以得到很大的提高。