生动活泼的转化词

   英语的实词不但多义，而且同一词还可以属一种以上的词类。此外，从一种词类又可以转化为另一种词类，其中以⒈名词转化为动词、⒉动词转化为名词⒊形容词转化为动词，这三种最为普遍、最为生动。转化后的词具有该词基本的特性，因此转化名词有如真正名词，转化动词就像真正动词。
   ⒈名词→动词
   ① The workers found Bob's attitude hard to stomach.
   ② The parachutist had to nerve himself for the jump from his helicopter.
   ③ A few poor children had been dogging the tourists for some time.
   ④ Tuition schools have mushroomed for the last two years.
   ⑤ The traitor was knifed and stoned to death.
   ⑥ I leafed through a few pages of the book to see what it was about.
   ⑦ Personality clashes surfaced among some rival leaders.
   ⑧ Tom elbowed his way through the crowd.
   ⑨ It is impolite to ape one's superiors.
   ⑩ Delicious food made our mouths water.
   ⒉动词→名词
   ① The innocent girl was having a good cry.
   ② Active people are always on the go.
   ③ I often have a quiet read before going to bed.
   ④ People from all walks of life condemned a bad government.
   ⑤ Famine came in the wake of the drought.
   ⑥ The manager gave some lazy workers the sack.
   ⑦ Let me take a good look at these photos.
   ⑧ A visit to the Jurong Bird Park is a must for any tourist.
   ⑨ War is loathed by the haves and the have-nots.
   ⑩ If you have anything to discuss with me, don't hesitate to give me a ring.
   ⒊形容词→动词
   ① Don't idle away your precious time.
   ② Father's hair begins to grey.
   ③ How to quiet a fretful child?
   ④ We have no intention of seeing an innocent person humbled.
   ⑤ Something must be done to better the life of the underprivileged.
   ⑥ Language skills can be perfected by constant practice and regular reinforcement.
   ⑦ The robber wanted his victim to empty his pockets.
   ⑧ When the enemy's ships neared the land, our soldiers began to attack.
   ⑨ The man's muscles tensed as he saw the snake approaching him.
   ⑩ The hot weather soured the fresh milk.
   此外，有些形容词和其他词类也可以转化为名词。例如：
   ① The strong tend to bully the weak.
   ② Poor innocents deserve our greatest sympathy.
   ③Richard looked like a silly in such a situation.
   ④ The secretary knows the ins and outs of the matter.
   ⑤ Do you know the whys and where fores of the accident?
   ⑥ Though a rich man now, Peter's earlier life was marked by ups and downs.
   上述这些转化名词，并未具有名词全部的特性。例如“the strong”和“the weak”形式是单数，意思是复数。还有④-⑥这些转化名词既有复数之形，也具复数之意。 