祝福用语

Good luck, good health, hood cheer. I wish you a happy New Year.
祝好运、健康、佳肴伴你度过一个快乐新年。
With best wishes for a happy New Year!
祝新年快乐，并致以良好的祝福。

I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year.
谨祝新年快乐幸福，大吉大利。

With the compliments of the season.
祝贺佳节。

May the season's joy fill you all the year round.
愿节日的愉快伴你一生。

Season's greetings and best wishes for the New Year.
祝福您，新年快乐。

Please accept my season's greetings.
请接受我节日的祝贺。

To wish you joy at this holy season. Wishing every happiness will always be
with you.
恭祝新年吉祥，幸福和欢乐与你同在。

Good health, good luck and much happiness throughout the year.
恭祝健康、幸运，新年快乐。

May the joy and happiness around you today and always.
愿快乐幸福永伴你左右。

Please accept my sincere wishes for the New Year. I hope you will continue
to enjoy good health.
请接受我诚挚的新年祝福，顺祝身体健康。

Allow me to congratulate you on the arrival of the New Year and to extend to
you all my best wishes for your perfect health and lasting prosperity.
恭贺新禧，祝身体健康、事业发达。

Best wishes for the holidays and happiness throughout the New Year.
恭贺新禧，万事如意。

With very best wishes for your happiness in the New Year.
致以最良好的祝福，愿你新年快乐幸福。

Please accept our wishes for you and yours for a happy New Year.
请接受我们对你及你全家的美好祝福，祝你们新年快乐。

May the coming New Year bring you joy, love and peace.
愿新年为你带来快乐，友爱和宁静。

Wishing you happiness during the holidays and throughout the New Year.
祝节日快乐，新年幸福。

A happy New Year to you.
恭贺新年。

Season's greetings and sincere wishes for a bright and happy New Year!
献上节日的问候与祝福,愿你拥有一个充满生机和欢乐的新年。

I give you endless brand-new good wishes. Please accept them as a new
remembrance of our lasting friendship.
给你我无尽的新的祝福，让它们成为我们永恒友谊的新的纪念。

Good luck and great success in the coming New Year.
祝来年好运，并取得更大的成就。

On the occasion of the New Year, may my wife and I extend to you and yours
our warmest greetings, wishing you a happy New Year, your career greater
success and your family happiness.
在此新年之际，我同夫人向你及你的家人致以节日的问候，并祝你们新年快乐、事业有
成、家庭幸福。

May everything beautiful and best be condensed into this card. I sincerely
wish you happiness, cheerfulness and success.
愿一切最美好的祝福都能用这张贺卡表达，真诚地祝你幸福、快乐、成功！