英语语音(English Pronunciation)

关于语音的几个概念
1) 字母：语言的书写形式。元音字母a, e, i(y), o, u,

2) 音标：词的语音形式。

3) 音素：音的最小的单位。英语中有48音素。

4) 音节：由元音和辅音构成的发音单位。ap'ple, stu'dent, tea'cher, un'der'stand

5) 元音：发音响亮，是乐音；口腔中气流不受阻碍；是构成音节的主要音。英语中有20元音。

6) 辅音：发音不响亮，是噪音；口腔中气流受到阻碍；不是构成音节的主要音。英语中有28辅音。

7) 开音节：a) 辅音+元音+辅音+e  name bike; b) 辅音+元音  he, go, hi

8) 闭音节：a) 辅音+元音+辅音  bad, bed, sit, hot, cup; b)元音+辅音  it

9) 重读音节：单词中发音特别响亮的音节。

2. 元音：(注意：下面空方括号是电脑无法输入的音标)

1) [i:] sea, he, see, piece, ceiling

2) [i] sit, build, miss, myth

3) [e] bed, desk, head,

4) [ ] bad, land, bank, stamp

5) [a:] car, fast, class, plant, calm, aunt

6) [ ] hot, want

7) [ ] door, more, sport, ball, warm, author, court, bought, caught

8) [u:] good, who, blue, soup,

9) [u] look, put, women, could

10) [ ] cup, come, blood, rough

11) [ ] girl, work, serve, nurse

12) [ ] cadre, ago, forget, polite, dollar, doctor, famous, Saturday

13) [ei] cake, they, play, eight, great,

14) [ai] bike, die, neither, light, try, find, height, eye

15) [ ] phone, cold, boat, soul, grow

16) [au] house, town

17) [ ] boy, oil

18) [ ] dear, idea, deer, here, fierce,

19) [ ] pear, care, there, fair

20) [ ] tour, poor,

3. 容易混淆的元音

1) [e] [] bed bad; men, man; pen, pan; lend land

2) [i:] [ei] real rail; greet, great; mean, main; read raid

3) [e] [ai] bet bite; red write; said side, head, hide

4) [au] [ ] house horse; loud lord; south sauce; now nor; count corn; cloud clause

5) [au] [ ] found fond; gown gone; down don

4. 辅音

1) [p] pen,

2) [b] bed, comb

3) [t] tell,

4) [d], day, played, wanted

5) [k] cold, sky, quick, school, back, accept, box

6) [g] big, go, guess, language

7) [m] man

8) [n] nine, knife, autumn

9) [ ] bank, uncle, English, sing,

10) [l] land, world

11) [r] read, write,

12) [f] five, cough, laugh

13) [v] voice, of

14) [ ] think,

15) [ ] this, bathe

16) [s] sit, miss, science, case, scarf

17) [z] zoo, close,

18) [ ] sure, she, social, nation

19) [ ] pleasure,

20) [h] hot, who, hour

21) [w] wall, what, answer

22) [j] yes

23) [ ] child, teach, catch

24) [ ] joke, bridge,

25) [ts] boats

26) [dz] goods

27) [tr] tree

28) [dr] dream

5. 容易混淆的辅音

1) [v] [w] vet wet; vest west; vine wine; very well

2) [s] [ ] sink think; sort thought; miss myth; mass math

3) [z] [ ] closing clothing; breeze breathe; bays bathes

4) [n] [ ] thin thing; sin sing; ban bang win wing; ran rang

6. 读音规则

1) 重读音节(见元音和辅音的例句)

2) 非重读音节 [ ] banana, student, today, after,

[i] orange, secret, evening, very, Monday

7. 特殊读音

1) 音的连读：not at all, half an hour, I love you and all. after all

2) 失去爆破：good girl, good student, good job, expression, school, extreme

3) 音的同化：this year, Would you do it? Can't you see it?

8. 重音

1)单词重音

A)双音节词

a)一般在第一个音节重读。letter, sorry

b)有 a-, be-, de-, re-, res-, in-, im-, en-, em-, es-, ex-, con-, com-, dis-, mis-, pre-, per-, pro-, trans- 等前缀的词，第二个音节是重音。

a'bout, be'lieve, ad'dress, de'cide, re'port, con'demn, res'pect, com'pare, in'form, dis'cuss,

im'press, mis'take, en'force, pre'pare, em'ploy, per'mit, es'cape, pro'duce, ex'claim,trans'late

c)有 de-, in-, re-, con-, pre- 等前缀的重音与词义和词类有关, 一般名词的重音在第一个音节上，其它的词性在第二个音节上。

'record, re'cord; 'insult, in'sult; 'conduct, con'duct; 'present pre'sent; 'content, con'tent

d)有些复合词和带有前缀 re-, ex-, un-, pre-, post-, 等的词，有两个重音。

'out'side, 're'tell, 'well-'known, 'un'real, 'fif'teen, 'Chi'nese, 'pre-'war, 'post-'war

B)多音节词

a)一般倒数第三个音节是重音。'difficult, 'communist, 'family, e'conomy, oppor'tunity,de'mocracy.

b)有一些双音节词，加了前缀和后缀成了多音节，但这些词按原来词根的重音读音。

'carefully, in'definite, 'comfortable, con'ductor, ac'cording, dis'turbance, 'complicated,es'tablishment,

c)词尾有-eous, -grahpy, -ial, -ian, -ic, -ics, -ience, ient, -ify, -ion, -ious, -ity, ive 后缀的词，重音在这些后缀的前一个音节上。

cour'teous, cal'ligraphy, edi'torial, his'torian, peri'odic, mathe'matics,ex'perience,suf'ficient, i'dentify, trans'lation, re'ligious, curi'osity, pro'tective

d)词尾有 -ain, -ee, -eer, -ese, -ette 后缀的词，重音在该后缀上，而且有一个次重音。enter'tain, emplo'yee, mountai'neer, Japa'nese, ciga'rette

2)句子重音

A) 英语的节奏：（轻）-轻-重-轻-（轻）或重-轻-（轻）（轻）重

B) 英语句子的长短：是由句子中的重读词的数目决定的，而不是象汉语那样由句子中的汉字数目决定的。

C) 实词重读（副词重读），虚词轻读(冠词，单音节介词，单音节连词，人称代词，反代词，物主代词，关系代词，相互代词，助动词，情态动词和系动词be.

D) 实词不重读的特殊情况

a) 实词第二次出现

He thinks of that as a child thinks.

b) 一个名词被第二个名词修饰

I met her in the railway station.

c) 代替词

Which book do you want? The small one.

d) 感叹词中的 what 和how

What a good day it is! How beautiful she is!

e) street 在专有名词中

Wangfujing Street.

f) this在这些短语中，this morning/afternoon/evening

E)虚词重读的特殊情况

a) 情态动词，助动词和系动词be在句首，句尾和否定时。

Do you like it? Yes, I do. Are you a doctor? Yes, I am. Can you help me? Yes, I can.

I don't like you. He isn't a worker.

b) 情态动词表示可能，惊奇和肯定时。

They may come this evening. Can it be five already? He must be in the room.

c) 介词在句首和句尾。

In the box, he found a letter. He is the person I talked with.

d) 引导复合句的连词在句首。

If you wish, I'll visit you. When he comes, I'll tell him.

e)反身代词表示强调。

He couldn't come himself.

英语绕口令

She sells seashells on the seashore.

And the shells she sells are seashells, I am sure.

'cause if she sells shell at the seashore,

The shells sells are seashells, for sure.

A big black bug bit the back of a big black bear.

The big black bear bit back the big black bug.

3.
Robert Rolly rolled a round roll round.

If Robert Rolly rolled a round roll round,

Where is the round roll,

Robert Rolly rolled around?

Ann sent Andy ten hens and Andy sent Ann ten pens.

Cat, Cat, catch that fat rat.

Sally always suffers from sea-sickness when she is at sea.

Surely the sun shall shine soon.

The hunter and his huge horse hide behind in house.

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.

Jack had a rat; Sam had a cat.

Sam's cat ate Jack's rat.

Jack asked Sam to pay for his rat.

Sam said, "I'll give you my cat for your rate."

Good morning to all who walk,

Good morning to all who crawl;

Good morning to all who soar,

Or swim, good morning, I call.

To broad and to small to short and to tall;

Good morning, good morning to all.

The little addled adder added ads.

All Al's sly allies lie.

John, where had had "had had', had had "had had' had had his master's approval.

A big bug hit a bold bald bear and the bold bald bear bled blood badly.

Blake the baker bakers black bread.

Betty Block blows big black bubbles.

A bachelor botched a batch of badly baked biscuits.

Bess is the best backward blue-blowing bugler in the Boston brass band.

Brught bloom the blossoms on the brook's bare brown banks.

A cup of proper coffee in a copper coffee cup.

You cross a cross across a cross, or stick a cross across a cross.

If you must cross a coarse cross cow across a crowded-cow crossing, cross the cross coarse cow across the crowded=cow crossing carefully.

The drummers drummed and the strummers strummed.

Can a flying fish flee far from a free fish fry?

Fancy Nancy did not fancy doing fancy work. But fancy Nancy's fancy auntie did fancy Nancy doing fancy work.

The glum groom grew glummer.

Hatches, catches, matches and dispatches.

He kisses the misses and she misses the kisses.

He who laughs last laughs best.

No pains, no gains. No cross, no crown; No gall, no glory.

There is no need to light a night light on a light night like tonight; for a night light's just a slight light.

Peter Potter splattered a plate of peas on Patty Platt's pink plaid pants.

Soldiers shoulders shudder when shrill shells shriek.

Small, smart snakes smelling smoked steaks.

Six sharp sharks seek small snacks, so swim, Sam, swim!

If silly Sally will shilly-shally, shall silly Willy willy-nilly shilly-shally, too?

Thick ticks think thin ticks are sick.

How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? He would chuck the wood as much as he could if a woodchuck could chuck wood.

Shallow sailing ships should shun shallow shoals.

Selected from English Tongue Twisters by He Gaoda


More Twisters

Six sick slick slim sycamore saplings.

A box of biscuits, a batch of mixed biscuits

A skunk sat on a stump and thunk the stump stunk,
but the stump thunk the skunk stunk.

Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers.
Did Peter Piper pick a peck of pickled peppers?
If Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers,
where's the peck of pickled peppers Peter Piper picked?

Red lorry, yellow lorry, red lorry, yellow lorry.

Unique New York.

Betty Botter had some butter,
"But," she said, "this butter's bitter.
If I bake this bitter butter,
it would make my batter bitter.
But a bit of better butter--
that would make my batter better."

So she bought a bit of butter,
better than her bitter butter,
and she baked it in her batter,
and the batter was not bitter.
So 'twas better Betty Botter
bought a bit of better butter.

Six thick thistle sticks. Six thick thistles stick.

Is this your sister's sixth zither, sir?

A big black bug bit a big black bear,
made the big black bear bleed blood.

The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.

Toy boat. Toy boat. Toy boat.

One smart fellow, he felt smart.
Two smart fellows, they felt smart.
Three smart fellows, they all felt smart.

Pope Sixtus VI's six texts.

I slit the sheet, the sheet I slit, and on the slitted sheet I sit.

She sells sea shells by the sea shore.
The shells she sells are surely seashells.
So if she sells shells on the seashore,
I'm sure she sells seashore shells.

Mrs. Smith's Fish Sauce Shop.

"Surely Sylvia swims!" shrieked Sammy, surprised.
"Someone should show Sylvia some strokes so she shall not sink."

A Tudor who tooted a flute
tried to tutor two tooters to toot.
Said the two to their tutor,
"Is it harder to toot
or to tutor two tooters to toot?"

Shy Shelly says she shall sew sheets.

Three free throws.

I am not the pheasant plucker,
I'm the pheasant plucker's mate.
I am only plucking pheasants
'cause the pheasant plucker's running late.

Sam's shop stocks short spotted socks.

A flea and a fly flew up in a flue.
Said the flea, "Let us fly!"
Said the fly, "Let us flee!"
So they flew through a flaw in the flue.

Knapsack straps.

Which wristwatches are Swiss wristwatches?

Lesser leather never weathered wetter weather better.

A bitter biting bittern
Bit a better brother bittern,
And the bitter better bittern
Bit the bitter biter back.
And the bitter bittern, bitten,
By the better bitten bittern,
Said: "I'm a bitter biter bit, alack!"

Inchworms itching.

A noisy noise annoys an oyster.

The myth of Miss Muffet.

Mr. See owned a saw.
And Mr. Soar owned a seesaw.
Now See's saw sawed Soar's seesaw
Before Soar saw See,
Which made Soar sore.
Had Soar seen See's saw
Before See sawed Soar's seesaw,
See's saw would not have sawed
Soar's seesaw.
So See's saw sawed Soar's seesaw.
But it was sad to see Soar so sore
Just because See's saw sawed
Soar's seesaw!

Friendly Frank flips fine flapjacks.

Vincent vowed vengence very vehemently.

Cheap ship trip.

I cannot bear to see a bear
Bear down upon a hare.
When bare of hair he strips the hare,
Right there I cry, "Forbear!"

Lovely lemon liniment.

Gertie's great-grandma grew aghast at Gertie's grammar.

Tim, the thin twin tinsmith

Fat frogs flying past fast.

I need not your needles, they're needless to me;
For kneading of noodles, 'twere needless, you see;
But did my neat knickers but need to be kneed,
I then should have need of your needles indeed.

Flee from fog to fight flu fast!

Greek grapes.

The boot black bought the black boot back.

How much wood would a woodchuck chuck
if a woodchuck could chuck wood?
He would chuck, he would, as much as he could,
and chuck as much wood as a woodchuck would
if a woodchuck could chuck wood.

We surely shall see the sun shine soon.

Moose noshing much mush.

Ruby Rugby's brother bought and brought her
back some rubber baby-buggy bumpers.

Sly Sam slurps Sally's soup.

My dame hath a lame tame crane,
My dame hath a crane that is lame.

Six short slow shepherds.

A tree toad loved a she-toad
Who lived up in a tree.
He was a two-toed tree toad
But a three-toed toad was she.
The two-toed tree toad tried to win
The three-toed she-toad's heart,
For the two-toed tree toad loved the ground
That the three-toed tree toad trod.
But the two-toed tree toad tried in vain.
He couldn't please her whim.
From her tree toad bower
With her three-toed power
The she-toad vetoed him.

Which witch wished which wicked wish?

Old oily Ollie oils old oily autos.

The two-twenty-two train tore through the tunnel.

Silly Sally swiftly shooed seven silly sheep.
The seven silly sheep Silly Sally shooed
shilly-shallied south.
These sheep shouldn't sleep in a shack;
sheep should sleep in a shed.

Twelve twins twirled twelve twigs.

Three gray geese in the green grass grazing.
Gray were the geese and green was the grass.

Many an anemone sees an enemy anemone.

Nine nice night nurses nursing nicely.

Peggy Babcock.

You've no need to light a night-light
On a light night like tonight,
For a night-light's light's a slight light,
And tonight's a night that's light.
When a night's light, like tonight's light,
It is really not quite right
To light night-lights with their slight lights
On a light night like tonight.

Black bug's blood.

Flash message!

Say this sharply, say this sweetly,
Say this shortly, say this softly
Say this sixteen times in succession.

Six sticky sucker sticks.

If Stu chews shoes, should Stu
choose the shoes he chews?

Crisp crusts crackle crunchily.

Give papa a cup of proper coffee in a copper coffee cup.

Six sharp smart sharks.

What a shame such a shapely sash
should such shabby stitches show.

Sure the ship's shipshape, sir.

Betty better butter Brad's bread.

Of all the felt I ever felt,
I never felt a piece of felt
which felt as fine as that felt felt,
when first I felt that felt hat's felt.

Sixish.

Don't pamper damp scamp tramps that camp under ramp lamps.

Swan swam over the sea,
Swim, swan, swim!
Swan swam back again
Well swum, swan!

Six shimmering sharks sharply striking shins.

I thought a thought
But the thought I thought wasn't the thought
I thought I thought.

Brad's big black bath brush broke.

Thieves seize skis.

Chop shops stock chops.

Sarah saw a shot-silk sash shop full of shot-silk sashes
as the sunshine shone on the side of the shot-silk sash shop.

Strict strong stringy Stephen Stretch
slickly snared six sickly silky snakes.

Susan shineth shoes and socks;
socks and shoes shines Susan.
She ceased shining shoes and socks,
for shoes and socks shock Susan.

Truly rural.

The blue bluebird blinks.

Betty and Bob brought back blue balloons from the big bazaar.

When a twister a-twisting will twist him a twist,
For the twisting of his twist, he three twines doth intwist;
But if one of the twines of the twist do untwist,
The twine that untwisteth untwisteth the twist.

Untwirling the twine that untwisteth between,
He twirls, with his twister, the two in a twine;
Then twice having twisted the twines of the twine,
He twitcheth the twice he had twined in twain.

The twain that in twining before in the twine,
As twines were intwisted he now doth untwine;
Twist the twain inter-twisting a twine more between,
He, twirling his twister, makes a twist of the twine.

The Leith police dismisseth us.

The seething seas ceaseth
and twiceth the seething seas sufficeth us.

If one doctor doctors another doctor, does the doctor
who doctors the doctor doctor the doctor the way the
doctor he is doctoring doctors? Or does he doctor
the doctor the way the doctor who doctors doctors?

Two Truckee truckers truculently truckling
to have truck to truck two trucks of truck.

Plague-bearing prairie dogs.

Ed had edited it.

She sifted thistles through her thistle-sifter.

Give me the gift of a grip top sock:
a drip-drape, ship-shape, tip-top sock.

While we were walking, we were watching window washers
wash Washington's windows with warm washing water.

Freshly fried fresh flesh.

Pacific Lithograph.

Six twin screwed steel steam cruisers.

The crow flew over the river
with a lump of raw liver.

Preshrunk silk shirts

A bloke's back bike brake block broke.

A pleasant place to place a plaice is a place
where a plaice is pleased to be placed.

I correctly recollect Rebecca MacGregor's reckoning.

Good blood, bad blood.

Quick kiss. Quicker kiss.

I saw Esau kissing Kate. I saw Esau,
he saw me, and she saw I saw Esau.

Cedar shingles should be shaved and saved.

Lily ladles little Letty's lentil soup.

Amidst the mists and coldest frosts,
with stoutest wrists and loudest boasts,
he thrusts his fist against the posts
and still insists he sees the ghosts.

Shelter for six sick scenic sightseers.

Listen to the local yokel yodel.

Give Mr. Snipa's wife's knife a swipe.

Whereat with blade,
with bloody, blameful blade,
he bravely broached his boiling bloody breast.

Are our oars oak?

Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager
imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?

A lusty lady loved a lawyer
and longed to lure him from his laboratory.

The epitome of femininity.

She stood on the balcony
inexplicably mimicing him hiccupping,
and amicably welcoming him home.

Kris Kringle carefully crunched on candy canes.

Please pay promptly.

On mules we find two legs behind
and two we find before.
We stand behind before we find
what those behind be for.

What time does the wristwatch strap shop shut?

One-One was a racehorse.
Two-Two was one, too.
When One-One won one race,
Two-Two won one, too.

Girl gargoyle, guy gargoyle.

Pick a partner and practice passing,
for if you pass proficiently,
perhaps you'll play professionally.

Once upon a barren moor
There dwelt a bear, also a boar.
The bear could not bear the boar.
The boar thought the bear a bore.
At last the bear could bear no more
Of that boar that bored him on the moor,
And so one morn he bored the boar--
That boar will bore the bear no more.

If a Hottentot taught a Hottentot tot
To talk ere the tot could totter,
Ought the Hottenton tot
Be taught to say aught, or naught,
Or what ought to be taught her?
If to hoot and to toot a Hottentot tot
Be taught by her Hottentot tutor,
Ought the tutor get hot
If the Hottentot tot
Hoot and toot at her Hottentot tutor?

Will you, William?

Mix, Miss Mix!

Who washed Washington's white woolen underwear
when Washington's washer woman went west?

Two toads, totally tired.

Freshly-fried flying fish.

The sawingest saw I ever saw saw
was the saw I saw saw in Arkansas.

Just think, that sphinx has a sphincter that stinks!

Strange strategic statistics.

Sarah sitting in her Chevrolet,
All she does is sits and shifts,
All she does is sits and shifts.

Hi-Tech Traveling Tractor Trailor Truck Tracker

Ned Nott was shot and Sam Shott was not.

So it is better to be Shott than Nott.

Some say Nott was not shot.

But Shott says he shot Nott.

Either the shot Shott shot at Nott was not shot, or Nott was shot.

If the shot Shott shot shot Nott, Nott was shot.

But if the shot Shott shot shot Shott, then Shott was shot, not Nott.

However, the shot Shott shot shot not Shott --but Nott.

Six slippery snails, slid slowly seaward.

Three twigs twined tightly.

There was a young fisher named Fischer
Who fished for a fish in a fissure.
The fish with a grin,
Pulled the fisherman in;
Now they're fishing the fissure for Fischer.

Pretty Kitty Creighton had a cotton batten cat.
The cotton batten cat was bitten by a rat.
The kitten that was bitten had a button for an eye,
And biting off the button made the cotton batten fly.

Suddenly swerving, seven small swans
Swam silently southward,
Seeing six swift sailboats
Sailing sedately seaward.

The ochre ogre ogled the poker.

If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker,
It's slick to stick a lock upon your stock,
Or some stickler who is slicker
Will stick you of your liquor
If you fail to lock your liquor
With a lock!

Shredded Swiss chesse.

The soldiers shouldered shooters on their shoulders.

Theophiles Thistle, the successful thistle-sifter,
in sifting a sieve full of un-sifted thistles,
thrust three thousand thistles through the thick of his thumb.

Now.....if Theophiles Thistle, the successful thistle-sifter,
in sifting a sieve full of un-sifted thistles,
thrust three thousand thistles through the thick of his thumb,
see that thou, in sifting a sieve full of un-sifted thistles,
thrust not three thousand thistles through the thick of thy thumb.

Success to the successful thistle-sifter!

Thank the other three brothers of their father's mother's brother's side.

They both, though, have thirty-three thick thimbles to thaw.

Irish wristwatch.

Fred fed Ted bread, and Ted fed Fred bread.

Cows graze in groves on grass which grows in grooves in groves.

Brisk brave brigadiers brandished broad bright blades,
blunderbusses, and bludgeons -- balancing them badly.

Tragedy strategy.

Selfish shellfish.

They have left the thriftshop, and lost both their theatre tickets and the
volume of valuable licenses and coupons for free theatrical frills and thrills.