 新闻 网页 贴吧 知道 MP3 图片 视频 百科 文库  帮助 | 设置                  
 

百度知道 > 教育/科学 > 外语学习 > 英语考试 
初中英语小短文 浏览次数：3971次悬赏分：10 | 解决时间：2009-8-14 09:31 | 提问者：58008245 | 检举 
100字，10篇
       最佳答案 ●你找对人了!
1 Chinese New Year

Chinese New Year is the most important festival for Chinese people all over the world. It is also called the Spring Festival or the Lunar New Year. The exact date of the Spring Festival on the Western calendar changes from year to year. However, Chinese New Year takes place between January 1 and February 19. 
On the Chinese calendar every year has an animal's name. These animals are the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, ram, monkey, rooster, dog and pig. A Chinese legend says that these twelve animals had a race. The first year was named after the rat, the winner. The other eleven years were named according to the order in which the animals arrived in the race. The clever rat jumped onto the ox's back, and then at the end jumped over the ox's head to arrive first! 
The Chinese believe that a person born in a particular year has some of the characteristics of that animal. 

lunar 月(亮)的 exact 确切的 calendar 日历 rat 鼠 ox 公 牛 rabbit 兔子 
ram 公羊 rooster 公鸡 legend 传说 name after 按....命名 
particular 特殊的 characteristic 特征

春 节
对于全世界的华人来说，中国的新年是最重要的节日。人们也称它为春节或农历新年。 公历春节的确切日期每年都在变化。但是春节一般都在 1 月 1 日 到 2 月 19 日 之间。 在农历中，每年都有一个生肖。这些生肖是鼠、牛、虎、兔、龙、蛇、马、羊、猴、鸡、狗和猪。据传说，这十二个动物举行了一次赛跑，第一年就以获胜者鼠命名，其他十一年就根据动物们到达终点的顺序命名。聪明的鼠跳在牛背上，在最后时刻跳过牛的头顶第一个到达终点！
中国人相信在某一年出生的人具有这一年生肖的一些特征。


2 A Teenager's Joke: Guidelines for Doing Schoolwork

My school had a policy about homework. Students should not spend more than ninety minutes per night doing homework. This is how I use the time for my work. 
Fifteen minutes looking for assignment; Eleven minutes calling a friend for the assignment; Twenty three minutes explaining why the teacher is mean and does not like teenagers; Eight minutes in the bathroom; Ten minutes getting a snack; Seven minutes checking the TV Guide; 
Six minutes telling my parents that the teacher never explained the assignment; 
Ten minutes sitting at the kitchen table waiting for Mom or Dad to do the assignment. 
guideline 指导方针 policy 政策 per 每 
assignment 作业 mean 低劣的 snack 小吃 TV guide 电视指南 

有关青少年的一则笑话――做作业的指导方针
我的学校有一项针对作业的政策。学生每天晚上做作业的时间不应该超过九十分钟。
以下就是我如何为完成作业而使用这九十分钟的。 
花十五分钟找作业；花十一分钟打电话向同学问作业； 
花二十三分 钟抱怨 老师为什么总是那么讨厌，为什么不喜欢我们这些十几岁的孩子； 
花八分钟在洗手间里；花十分钟找小吃； 
花七分钟查看电视节目预告；花六分钟告诉父母，老师从没解释过所布置的作业； 
花十分钟坐在餐桌旁等妈妈或者爸爸来做作业。


3 The Toad and the Frog

A toad saw a frog near the road. He was a fat old frog. He sat and moaned and groaned. 
The toad said, “Do not moan and groan, Mr. Frog. Hop like me. Hop down the road.” 
So the frog and the toad went down the road to a big oak tree. 
“I am home,” said the toad. “Come in and I will make tea.” 
But Mr. Frog said, in a deep croak, “I must not roam far from home. I will be off to my home near the pond.” 

toad 蟾蜍,癞蛤蟆   moan 呻吟   hop 跳跃   oak 橡树   croak 一种低而嘶哑的声音 

癞蛤蟆和青蛙
一只癞蛤蟆在路边看到一只青蛙。那是只又胖又老的青蛙。他坐在那里呻吟叹息着。 
癞蛤蟆说：“青蛙先生，不要呻吟叹息了。像我一样跳吧。沿着这条路跳。” 
所以青蛙和癞蛤蟆一起沿着小路跳到一棵大橡树下。 
“我到家了，”癞蛤蟆说，“进来吧，我来泡茶。” 
但青蛙用低沉的声音说：“我不能在离家远的地方闲逛，我要回我在池塘边上的家。”


4.  A was an apple pie A是一个苹果(APPLE)派 
  B bit it B咬了(BIT)它一口 
  C cut it C切开(CUT)它 
  D dealt with it D来分发(DEALT)它 
  E ate it E吃了(EAT)它
  F fought for it F为了它而与人打斗(FOUGHT) 
  G got it G得到了(GOT)它 
  H had it H拥有了(HAD)它 
  I inspected it I来检查(INSPECTED)它 
  J jumped for it J为得到了苹果派而欢蹦乱跳(JUMPED) 
  K kept it K保存(KEPT)起了苹果派 
  L longed for it L渴望(LONGED)得到苹果派 
  M mourned for it M因没得到苹果派而伤心落泪(MOURNED) 
  N nodded at it N对苹果派点头(NODDED) 
  O opened it O打开了(OPENED)它 
  P peeped in it P觊觎(PEEPED)它
  Q quartered it Q把个苹果派分成了四份(QUARTERED) 
  R ran for it R为了它跑 (RAN) 
  S stole it S偷了它(STOLE) 
  T took it T拿走了(TOOK)苹果派 
  U upset it U打翻了(UPSET)它
  V viewed it V审视着(VIEWED)它
  W wanted it W想得到(WANTED)它
  X，Y，Z and ampersand all wished for a piece in hand. 
    XYZ和&都希望手上能有一块苹果派。

bit bite 咬的过去时   dealt with deal with 处理的过去时   inspect 检查
long for 渴望   mourn 哀悼   nod 点头   peep 窥视   quarter 分成四份
upset upset 弄翻的过去时   view 观察   ampersand 记号名称


5 Homestay in the US

My name is Jenny and I did a homestay in America. When I first met my host mother, Mary, she gave me a big hug. I was really shocked because I had never been hugged before, and I wasn sure how to respond. By the time I left America, though, I came to enjoy hugging and being hugged. Shaking hands was also a challenge. My homestay father, Peter, looked at me straight in the eye and squeezed my hand firmly. 
Both Mary and Peter wanted me to call them by their first names because they, as Americans, like informality. By using first names only, we felt friendlier towards each other. 

homestay 家庭寄宿    host 东道主    hug 拥抱    shock 震惊    respond 回应 
challenge 挑战    straight 直接地   squeeze 挤压 
firmly 紧紧地    informality 随意

在美国家庭寄宿 
我叫珍妮，我在美国家庭寄宿。当我第一次见到我要寄宿那家的母亲玛丽时，她热情地拥抱了我。我确实感到非常震惊因为我从来没有被拥抱过，我不知道该如何回应。然而到我要离开美国时，我已经非常喜欢拥抱别人和被别人拥抱了。 
握手也是个挑战。我寄宿那家的父亲彼特，直视着我的眼睛，紧紧地握我的手。 
玛丽和彼特都希望我对他们直呼其名，因为美国人一般比较随意。通过直呼其名，我们互相之间感到更加亲切友好。


6 Brothers and Sisters

My sister is a year older than me and we've been sharing a room since I was 3 years old. We are very close, but we also fight all the time. Our fights are never serious. I can't remember the cause of our fights now, but they were always over small things. Sometimes it was just over a particular word I used or maybe just because my sister gave my teddy bear a hug and I was unhappy about it. We don't take our fights very seriously as if all the fights are a game. I think it's perfectly okay for kids to fight with their brothers or sisters. Now I'm a teenager, and I even think that they're sweet memories!

share 分享   serious 认真的     cause 原因    fight 打架    particular 特别的，特殊的 
teddy bear 玩具熊    teenage 青少年    perfectly 完全

兄 弟 姐 妹 
我的姐姐比我大一岁，从我三岁起我们就一直合用一个房间。我们非常亲密，但是我们也时常打架。我们打架从来不是认真的。我现在都记不起我们打架的原因，但肯定是因为一些小事。有时候，仅仅是因为我用的某个词，或者是因为姐姐抱了我的玩具熊，而我对此感到生气。我们从来不把打架当真，就好像这只是场游戏。我觉得小孩子和兄弟姐妹们打打闹闹没有什么。现在我已经十几岁了，但我觉得那都是我美好的回忆！


7 Thirty Days Hath September （Nursery Rhyme）

Thirty days hath September, 
April, June, and November; 
All the rest have thirty-one, 
Except for February alone, 
It has twenty-eight days clear, 
And twenty-nine on each Leap Year.

hath （古英语）=has    leap year 闰年 

三十天的是九月（童谣一首） 
三十天的是九月，四月，六月和十一月；其余的月份都是三十一天， 
除了二月，二月只有二十八天， 每个闰年二月有二十九天。


8 Two Dumplings

A young man had a small business. He worked very hard, and he made a lot of money. One day, he had dinner with a businessman. He wanted the man to become his business partner. When they finished the dinner, there were two dumplings left. 
The young man told the waitress: "Please pack them in a doggy bag and I'd like to take them home.Soon the businessman decided to work together with the young man. He said, "The young man is great. He has lots of money but he won't waste it.

dumpling 饺子    partner 伙伴    waitress 女服务员    pack 包 
doggy bag （饭店里客人将吃剩食物打包带走时用的）纸包

两个饺子
一个年轻人做了点小生意。他工作很努力，所以他赚到了许多钱。一天，他和一个商人吃饭。他希望那个人成为他的生意伙伴。当他们吃完饭后，还剩下两个饺子。 
年轻人告诉服务员小姐：“请把这两个饺子打包，我要带回家去。”很快，这个商人就决定和这个年轻人一起做生意了。他说：“这个年轻人很好。他有很多钱但他不浪费。”


9 A Visit to the City Centre

On their first day in the capital, Diana and Peter visited the Old Tower which stood on a hill near the city centre. There were stairs leading to the top, but Diana and Peter decided to take the lift. At the top there was a caf?and a balcony where visitors could stand and enjoy the view. It was magnificent ― you could see the whole city, the river and the hills beyond. 
On their way back from the Tower, Diana and Peter went past the main square in the city centre. They stopped at a stall to have some orange juice, and sat and watched the traffic for a while. The square was very busy, with cars, buses, bicycles and pedestrians going in all directions. In the centre of the square there was a policeman controlling the traffic. 

stair 楼梯    take the lift 乘电梯    balcony 阳台    magnificent 壮观的 
stall 摊点    pedestrian 行人    control 控制

游览市中心 
戴安娜和彼特第一天游览了首都市容，去了市中心附近小山上的古塔。古塔有楼梯直通塔顶，但戴安娜和彼特决定乘坐电梯。塔顶有一个咖啡厅和观光平台，游客可以俯瞰市容。这儿的景色很美丽――整座城市尽收眼底，还有远处的河流和群山。 
在从古塔回来的路上，戴安娜和彼特游览了市中心广场。他们在一个小摊贩前停下喝果汁，坐下小歇一会，观赏街上的车水马龙，广场上小汽车、公共汽车、自行车和行人络绎不绝，广场中心一位警察在指挥交通。


10 Rain, Rain, Go Away（Nursery Rhyme）

Rain, rain, go away, 
Come again another day. 
Rain, rain, go to Spain, 
Never show your face again. 
Rain, rain, pour down, 
But not a drop on our town. 
Rain on the green grass, 
And rain on the tree, 
And rain on the housetop, 
But not on me. 
Rain, rain, go away, 
Come again on washing day. 
Rain, rain, go to Germany, 
And remain there permanently. 
Rain, rain, go away, 
Come on Martha's wedding day. 

remain 保持，逗留    permanently 永远地 


雨，雨，走开吧（童谣一首）
雨，雨，走开吧，改天再来吧，雨，雨，去西班牙吧，不要再出现了。 
雨，雨，尽情地下吧，但是一滴也不要下到我们镇上来。 
雨下在碧绿的草地上，雨下在树上，雨下在房顶上，但不要下在我身上。 
雨，雨，走开吧，洗衣服的那天再来吧。 
雨，雨，去德国吧，永远待在那里吧


11 An Embarrassing Show

The day of the school science fair had finally arrived, and Lisa was both nervous and excited. She couldn't wait to show off her volcano model at the fair. She might even win the first prize! 
As Lisa was setting up her volcano, she noticed her friend Alex's project on the table next to hers. Weeks ago, Alex had asked her for help in creating a model of the solar system, and Lisa was glad to help. He never told her he as going to enter it in the Science Fair! His model was painted beautifully in different colours. Finally Alex got the first place and Lisa felt very embarrassed.

fair 展览会    nervous 神经紧张的，不安的     excited 兴奋的 
show off 炫耀    volcano 火山   project 设计，计划 
create 创作，创造    solar system 太阳系    embarrassed 觉得难堪的


一次令人难堪的展览
学校的科学展览日终于到来了，丽莎既紧张又兴奋。她等不及要在展览会上炫耀她的火山模型。她甚至有可能赢得第一名！ 
正当丽莎组装她的火山时，她注意到旁边桌子上她朋友亚历克斯的设计。几星期前，亚历克斯曾请她帮助他创作一个太阳系的模型，丽莎很乐意地帮助了他。可他从没告诉过她他打算拿它参加科学展览！他的模型色彩鲜艳。最终亚历克斯获得了第一名，丽莎觉得很难堪！


12 Humour ― Things Your Mother Wouldn’t Say

"Be good and I'll buy you a motorcycle for your birthday!
"How on earth can you see the TV sitting so far back?"
"Don's bother wearing a jacket ― it's quite warm out. 
"Let me smell that shirt ― yeah, it's good for another week. 
"I think a cluttered bedroom is a sign of creativity.?
"Yeah, I used to skip school, too.?
"Just leave all the lights on...it makes the house more cheery.
"Could you turn the music up louder so I can enjoy it, too?

humour 幽默    motorcycle 摩托车    on earth 究竟 smell 闻    cluttered 混乱的 
sign 预兆，表现    creativity 创造力    skip 跳   cheery 愉快的 

幽默――母亲不会说的话
“你表现好，我就给你买辆摩托车作为生日礼物！” 
“你怎么能够坐得这么远看电视呢？” 
“不用麻烦再穿夹克衫了――外面很暖和。” 
“让我闻闻这件衬衫――好，还可以再穿一个星期。” 
“我觉得乱七八糟的卧室也是创造力的表现。” 
“好，我以前也逃过课。” 
“就让所有的灯都开着吧……这样的房间更令人愉快。” 
“你可以把音乐开得再响一点吗？这样我也可以欣赏它。”


13 Dogs

People often say that a dog is man's best friend. Over thousands of years, man has taught his dogs to do many kinds of work besides guarding the home. For example, sheepdogs are famous for their ability to control a flock of hundreds of sheep. 
Dogs have been used to aid disabled people for centuries. A guide dog can lead its blind owner. Nowadays, dogs can be taught to turn on light switches, open refrigerator doors and dial the telephone for their disabled owners. For the majority of people, however, dogs are simply pets and friends for both young and old members of the family.

guard 看守，看护    sheepdog 牧羊犬    flock 群    aid 帮助 
disabled 残疾人    century 世纪   guide dog 导盲犬    dial 拨    majority 大多数

狗
人们总是说狗是人类最好的朋友。几千年来，除了看家外，人类还教会了狗去做许多其他的事，例如，牧羊犬就因其可以控制数百只羊的羊群而出名。 
狗用来帮助残疾人已有好几个世纪了。导盲犬可以为盲主人引路。现在，人们还教狗为残疾主人打开电灯、开冰箱和拨电话。然而，对于大多数人来说，狗只是家里老人和孩子们的宠物和朋友。


14 Detective Work

A bank robber stole a lot of money. He was caught and sent to prison, but the money was never found. When he came out of prison, they watched him to see what he would do. Here is the detective, reporting to the inspector. "Yes, sir, I found Johnny Armitage. I followed him all around the town, but frankly, I couldn't make anything out of what he bought. Here's the list."
shirt heavy crowbar box of chocolates shovel heavy hammer bunch of flowers The inspector said, "Good. That helps me a lot. Do you remember how we watched him helping his neighbour, old Mrs. Judson to cover her backyard with cement?

detective 侦探的侦探    robber 强盗，盗贼    prison 监狱 
inspector 检察官    frankly 坦白地，真诚地    crowbar 铁撬，撬棒 
shovel 铲，铁铲    hammer 铁锤，锤子    backyard 后院    cement 水泥 

侦探工作
一个盗贼从银行偷了很多钱。他被抓住送到监狱，但是钱没找到。 
当他从监狱出来时，他被监视，看他会做什么。这不，侦探正向检察官报告：“是的，先生，我发现了强尼?阿米塔基，我跟着他转遍了全镇，但坦白说，我不能从他买的东西中推断出什么。这里是清单。” 衬衫、大铁撬、一盒巧克力铁铲、大铁锤、一束花 。
检察官说：“好，这对我很有帮助。你还记得我们看到他是怎么帮他的邻居，贾德森老太太用水泥铺院子的吗？”


15 What is Time? （Nursery Rhyme）

Time is grain for peasants. 
Time is wealth for workers. 
Time is life for doctors. 
Time is victory for soldiers. 
Time is knowledge for students. 
Time is speed for scientists. 
Time is money for businessmen. 
Time is everything for all of us. 
Therefore, seize the time of today!

grain 粮食   wealth 财富    victory 胜利    seize 抓住，把握


时间是什么（童谣一首）
对农民来说，时间就是粮食。对工人来说，时间就是财富。对医生来说，时间就是生命。 
对士兵来说，时间就是胜利。对学生来说，时间就是知识。对科学家来说，时间就是速度。 
对企业家来说，时间就是金钱。对我们大家来说，时间就是一切。因此，把握今天! 



一小部分,由于字数限制,如果你需要更多,请发消息我.
分享给你的朋友吧：
i贴吧 
新浪微博 
腾讯微博 
QQ空间 
人人网 
豆瓣 
MSN 

对我有帮助
308回答时间：2009-7-29 09:36 | 我来评论 | 检举  
向TA求助 回答者： 玩耍De孩子 | 四级 

擅长领域： 英语考试 数学 外语学习 外语学习 

参加的活动： 暂时没有参加的活动 

           
相关内容 
2011-6-12 急求做一篇初中英语小短文，所给词：school,activity,learn,thank,beaut... 2011-6-19 在你学习中遇到困难,老师父母同学是咋样帮助你的初中英语小短文 2011-4-13 帮我找一篇有意义的初二初中英语小短文。有问题的 但是少一点点生词。谢谢 5 2011-2-15 初中英语小短文 30词 带翻译、 49 2011-6-27 初中英语小短文Hi,I’m xxx. I'm 13 years old and I study in xxx Midd... 1 更多关于初中英语小短文的问题>> 
等待您来回答1回答10花粉少女动画片或漫画，尽量是动画，最好是网页，如果没有，就发我邮...1回答5寻一部外国电视剧讲三胞胎姐妹失散后的故事0回答5初一数学1回答为什么查的河南省辉县市人事局或者人才交流中心的电话是空号？1回答复婚后，添加丈夫名字进房产证，可以一起还房贷吗？0回答求美少女战士与猥琐大叔系列全部漫画 全部哦 请发到1262113364@qq.com0回答五胞胎为什么一般是三男两女或三女两男，而不是一女四男之类的呢？2回答5初一数学自主更多等待您来回答的问题>>
其他回答 共3条 
http://forum.cnool.net/topic_show.jsp?id=5957494&thesisid=386 回答者： 寒霜冰雪 | 八级 | 2009-7-29 09:27 | 检举 
           初中英语作文范文1. How to make friends 
It’s hard to make friends if you stay alone all the time. It’s easier to make friends when you have similar interests.
Don’r be afraid to show people what you are really good at. Talk about the things you like and do best.
Look at people in the eyes when you talk to them.
Be a good listner. Let people talk about themselves before talking about yourself.
Be friendly to a lot of people. Try to help your friends when they are in trouble because a friend in need is a friend indeed. That way you’ll have a bigger group to choose from and have more chances to make friends.

初中英语作文范文2.My view on television
Television has come into our life for many years.
We can’t live happily without television. Jt can give us the latest information and news. It can open up our eyes and enlarge our knowledge. We can get happiness from the plays on television. We’ll be boring all day if there is no television. Television programs are attractive. After a whole day’s hard worlk we can sit before the television and drink a cup of tea. How wonderful it is!
Television is also bad for people’s health. It’s bad for you to watch TV too long, especially bad for your eyes.
It is true that watching TV can influence our behavior. However, it depends on what we do

初中英语作文范文3.My view on school uniform
At our school , we have to wear uniforms every day. The problem is that all my classmates think the uniforms are ugly. We think young people should look smart and so we would like to wear our own clothes. Our teachers believe that if we did that. We would concentrate more on our clothes than our studies. We disagree. We should feel more comfortable and thate is good for studying. If we can’t do that, we should be allowed to design our own uniforms. We also think everyone should be different from others. That would be a good way to keep both teachers and students happy. 

初中英语作文范文4.My opinions on volunteering
We are middle school students and we are busy with our lessons. So some people think we should concentrate more on our studies. If we volunteer to help others, it’s a waste of time. But I think volunteering is great. I not only feel good about helping others but also get to spend time doing what I love to do. And from volunteering I have learned many things that I have never learned in class. So if I have an oppoutunity, I’d like to visit old people’s home to clean up for them. I’d also like to help sick kids in hospital. I love kids and I plan to put my love to good use by working in hospital. In a word, I’d like to help people who need help. If everyone helps out a bit, the world will be more colorful.

初中英语作文范文5.Small kinds 
Human beings are advanced animals in the world. Some animals are very kind. For example , if you are kind to a dog , it will shake. It will tail to you. So if you are kind to others, they will also be kind to you.
You have lots of chances to give your small kindness if you see a disabled person working in the street. You can help him to cross the street. If you meet a stranger, you can show him the way. If he or she asks you questions, you should be kind to answer them. That is you give small kindness to others. Maybe it seems to you a piece of cake, but it is very important to people in need. If you do this, the others will do it to you.
Be kind to others, and they will be kind to you.

初中英语作文范文6.My opinion on Internet
Hello, everyone! As you know, many students like to work on the Internet. Of course, it can bring us many good things. We can learn more knowledge outside our books, practice our spoken English with someone else and look up some useful information.
At the same time, it can bring us some bad things as well. Some students have made too many friends, seen some bad information that is not good for us and spent too much time on it. We should know what to do and what not to do.
That’s my idea. Thank you for listening! 

初中英语作文范文7.Internet shopping 
Internet shopping is a new way of shopping. It offers a lot of advantages. The most important one is convenience. You can shop whenever you like because the online shops are open 24 hours a day. And you don’t have to queue with others. And it is often cheaper to buy goods through the Internet and it is also easy to find what you are looking for.
There are some disadvantages, too. You can not see the products or check their qualities. Besides you can not enjoy walking around the shops and talking with your friends.

Environmental Protection
Today the quality of our natural environment has become an important issue. The world population is rising so quickly that the world has become too crowded. We are using up our natural resources and at the same time polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals. If we continue to do this, life on earth cannot survive. 
    Concerned people have made some progress in environmental protection. Governments of many countries have established laws to protect the air, forests and sea resources and to stop environmental pollution. 
    Still more measures should be taken to solve environmental problems. People should be further educated to recognize the importance of the problems, to use modern methods of birth control, to conserve(保存） our natural resources and recycle（再循环） our products. We are sure that we can have a better and cleaner place in the future. 

Computers 电脑

Computers are changing our life. You can do a lot of things with a computer. Such as, you can use a computer to write articles, watch video CDs, play games and do office work. But the most important use of a computer is to join the Internet. By joining a computer to Internet, we can get the latest information in all fields. We don’t need to leave home to borrow books from a library or to do shopping in a supermarket. 
    Computers help us live a more convenient life. With the development of computers, the word is becoming a large family

Water

Water is very important to living things.  Without water there can be no life on the earth. All animals and plants need water. Man also needs water. We need water to drink, to cook our food and to clean ourselves.  Water is needed in offices,factories, schools and hospitals.  
      From space the earth looks like a huge water-covered globe.Water covers about seventy percent of the earth's surface. There is water in oceans, seas, rivers, and lakes. Even in the driest part of the world, there is some water in the air. Water is found almost everywhere.

还有一个网址，上面有很多关于初中的作文，只是看上去有点长，http://www.engessay.com/chuzhong/ 回答者： ωōせ・ペ乖 | 二级 | 2009-7-29 09:38 | 检举 
           fgdfgd 回答者： 13874841243 | 一级 | 2009-7-31 13:05 | 检举 
           
分享到：   
推广链接 注册就试听初中英语网络授课 简单学习网针对性辅导 
名师视频辅导,免费试听20讲! 提分快,每周仅需1小时!中国网络辅导专家打造《初中英语.. www.etlearning.cn 全脑开发,记忆力训练,买一送十,货到付款. 
记忆大师揭秘培训!内部资料!万人见证!惊爆!!!全球记忆界5000年以来,最高效,最全面快.. 1688max.com/400-008-8207 震撼价:低至8元/节--河北EF英孚-最专业的英语在线课.. 
免费注册,领取英语学习资料,简单一步完成.另有9月超强优惠:凡在9/30前报读,即可额外.. www.Englishtown.com 