给你三篇,你选一篇吧. 
The Old Cat 
An old woman had a cat. The cat was very old; she could not run quickly, and she could not bite, because she was so old. One day the old cat saw a mouse; she jumped and caught the mouse. But she could not bite it; so the mouse got out of her mouth and ran away, because the cat could not bite it. 

Then the old woman became very angry because the cat had not killed the mouse. She began to hit the cat. The cat said, "Do not hit your old servant. I have worked for you for many years, and I would work for you still, but I am too old. Do not be unkind to the old, but remember what good work the old did when they were young." 


【译文】 

老猫 

一位老妇有只猫，这只猫很老，它跑不快了，也咬不了东西，因为它年纪太大了。一天，老猫发现一只老鼠，它跳过去抓这只老鼠，然而，它咬不住这只老鼠。因此，老鼠从它的嘴边溜掉了，因为老猫咬不了它。 

于是，老妇很生气，因为老猫没有把老鼠咬死。她开始打这只猫，猫说：“不要打你的老仆人，我已经为你服务了很多年，而且还愿意为你效劳，但是，我实在太老了，对年纪大的不要这么无情，要记住老年人在年青时所做过的有益的事情。” 

A man was going to the house of some rich person. As he went along the road, he saw a box of good apples at the side of the road. He said, "I do not want to eat those apples; for the rich man will give me much food; he will give me very nice food to eat." Then he took the apples and threw them away into the dust. 

He went on and came to a river. The river had become very big; so he could not go over it. He waited for some time; then he said, "I cannot go to the rich man's house today, for I cannot get over the river." 

He began to go home. He had eaten no food that day. He began to want food. He came to the apples, and he was glad to take them out of the dust and eat them. 

Do not throw good things away; you may be glad to have them at some other time. 

【译文】 

一个人正朝着一个富人的房子走去，当他沿着路走时，在路的一边他发现一箱好苹果，他说：“我不打算吃那些苹果，因为富人会给我更多的食物，他会给我很好吃的东西。”然后他拿起苹果，一把扔到土里去。 

他继续走，来到河边，河涨水了，因此，他到不了河对岸，他等了一会儿，然后他说：“今天我去不了富人家了，因为我不能渡过河。” 

他开始回家，那天他没有吃东西。他就开始去找吃的，他找到苹果，很高兴地把它们从尘土中翻出来吃了。 

不要把好东西扔掉，换个时候你会觉得它们大有用处。 

The City Mouse and the Country Mouse 

Once there were two mice. They were friends. One mouse lived in the country; the other mouse lived in the city. After many years the Country mouse saw the City mouse; he said, "Do come and see me at my house in the country." So the City mouse went. The City mouse said, "This food is not good, and your house is not good. Why do you live in a hole in the field? You should come and live in the city. You would live in a nice house made of stone. You would have nice food to eat. You must come and see me at my house in the city." 

The Country mouse went to the house of the City mouse. It was a very good house. Nice food was set ready for them to eat. But just as they began to eat they heard a great noise. The City mouse cried, " Run! Run! The cat is coming!" They ran away quickly and hid. 

After some time they came out. When they came out, the Country mouse said, "I do not like living in the city. I like living in my hole in the field. For it is nicer to be poor and happy, than to be rich and afraid." 

【译文】 

城里老鼠和乡下老鼠 


从前，有两只老鼠，它们是好朋友。一只老鼠居住在乡村，另一只住在城里。很多年以后，乡下老鼠碰到城里老鼠，它说：“你一定要来我乡下的家看看。”于是，城里老鼠就去了。乡下老鼠领着它到了一块田地上它自己的家里。它把所有最精美食物都找出来给城里老鼠。城里老鼠说：“这东西不好吃，你的家也不好，你为什么住在田野的地洞里呢？你应该搬到城里去住，你能住上用石头造的漂亮房子，还会吃上美味佳肴，你应该到我城里的家看看。” 

乡下老鼠就到城里老鼠的家去。房子十分漂亮，好吃的东西也为他们摆好了。可是正当他们要开始吃的时候，听见很大的一阵响声，城里的老鼠叫喊起来：“快跑！快跑！猫来了！”他们飞快地跑开躲藏起来。 

过了一会儿，他们出来了。当他们出来时，乡下老鼠说：“我不喜欢住在城里，我喜欢住在田野我的洞里。因为这样虽然贫穷但是快乐自在，比起虽然富有却要过着提心吊胆的生活来说，要好些“the total solar eclipse is one kind of very unusual phenomenon, in that several minutes, the sky brightness will drop 1,000,000 times suddenly, the temperature can fall suddenly suddenly. Moreover the total solar eclipse time is longer, the temperature drop is more obvious.”On May 31, academician, renowned astrophysicist Fang Cheng in the report said in “wonderful and the grand total solar eclipse”, on July 22 9:30 am our country Yangtze valley occurs the total solar eclipse time will be 5 to 6 minutes, at the appointed time estimated the local temperature will drop 15℃ to 20℃. it is reported that previous time appeared in the Yangtze valley total solar eclipse occurs in 1575, 434 years once more will welcome from now on only then the total solar eclipse, but the next time must wait till in 2309 only then to be possible to see. Fang Cheng said that the total solar eclipse occurs when the sky brightness will drop 1,000,000 times suddenly. Originally sun's position, will turn the dark disc, in an instant a world blackness. By now the night fell, a stars spot, on the dim earth the cool breeze blows gently, the chicken dog calls out in alarm is returning to own lair, sometimes in the sky bird also will lose automatic control crashes ground.when in addition, the total solar eclipse occurs, will also follow has unusually “the meteorological phenomenon”. Fang Cheng put out an overseas specialized inspection team the Turkish total solar eclipse to do in 2006 measures takes somebody's temperature said that when the total solar eclipse occurred, the temperature will drop suddenly, the humidity will increase suddenly. Moreover the total solar eclipse duration is longer, the temperature and the humidity change's scope is also bigger. He indicated that the total solar eclipse continues the time according to July 22, estimated when the time comes the temperature will plummet 15℃ to 20℃, the humidity will also increase many“总量的日食是一种非常不寻常的现象,在那几分钟,天空亮度将下降1000000倍,温度就会突然骤。而且可以观察到日全食时间较长,温度下降更为明显。“5月31日,著名的天体物理学家方程院士在报告中说“好”,大到日全食9:30 7月22日是我国长江流域到日全食发生时,将5到6分钟,届时预计当地的温度将下降15℃~ 20℃。据报道,以前的时间出现在长江流域1575年观察到日全食发生时,434年的一次欢迎从现在开始只有完全的日食,但下次一定要等到2309年才可能看到。方程说到日全食发生时,天空亮度将下降1000000次突然。原来的太阳的位置,将黑暗的阀瓣,在瞬间世界的黑暗。现在,夜幕降临,一个星斑,在昏暗的地上凉爽的微风习习,鸡狗叫惊呼出来回到自己的巢穴,有时在空中鸟也将失去自动控制坠毁地面。当除此之外,可以观察到日全食发生时,也会跟着拥有超凡“气象现象”。方程扑灭国外专业评审小组观察到日全食,土耳其在2006年做的措施需要有人说,当温度可以观察到日全食发生时,温度将下降突然、湿度将会增加很快。而且可以观察到日全食持续时间越长,温度和湿度变化的范围更大。他表明,可以观察到日全食持续时间根据7月22日的时候估计15℃的温度将暴跌到20℃,湿度也将增加不少【工作与娱乐】
　　Work and play do not contradict each other; in fact, they complement each other. As the saying goes, "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy." A life burdened with work leads you nowhere, for you would get tired and bored with your daily routine work. On the other hand, proper recreation will relieve the tension and discomfort of our monotonous life because it offers you various ways to let out your pent-up emotions.
　　What I usually do to relax after school is jogging and watching movies. Usually I don't spare time for exercise, but I value the physical education class at school. Jogging several rounds in the field certainly relieves the day's pressure. On weekends, I'll catch the morning movie for my visual enjoyment. I feel revived and energetic for another week's work-load.
　　工作与娱乐并不互相冲突，事实上，它们之间的关系还相辅相成。有句格言说：「整日工作而没有休闲娱乐，会令人变得沉闷乏味。」被工作重担压得喘不过气来的生活，将使你一事无成，因为你将对一成不变的例行公事感到厌烦。由另一方面来说，适度的娱乐活动能提供各种管道，来宣泄你被压抑的情绪，减轻单调生活中的紧张与不悦。
　　放学之后，我最常做的休闲活动，便是慢跑与看电影。通常我并不特地拨出时间来做运动，但是我很重视学校的体育课。在操场上慢跑几圈，无疑地可以减轻一天的压力。在周末时，我都去看早场电影，享受视觉盛宴。如此一来，我将有如再生般的充沛活力，去面对下一星期的工作量。　1． Learning：A Lifelong Career 【学习：一生的事业】
　　As food is to the body, so is learning to the mind. Our bodies grow and muscles develop with the intake of adequate nutritious food. Likewise, we should keep learning day by day to maintain our keen mental power and expand our intellectual capacity. Constant learning supplies us with inexhaustible fuel for driving us to sharpen our power of reasoning, analysis, and judgment. Learning incessantly is the surest way to keep pace with the times in the information age, and an infallible warrant of success in times of uncertainty.
　　Once learning stops, vegetation sets in. It is a common fallacy to regard school as the only workshop for the acquisition of knowledge. On the contrary, learning should be a never-ending process, from the cradle to the grave. With the world ever changing so fast, the cease from learning for just a few days will make a person lag behind. What's worse, the animalistic instinct dormant deep in our subconsciousness will come to life, weakening our will to pursue our noble ideal, sapping our determination to sweep away obstacles to our success and strangling our desire for the refinement of our character. Lack of learning will inevitably lead to the stagnation of the mind, or even worse, its fossilization, Therefore, to stay mentally young, we have to take learning as a lifelong career.
　　学习之于心灵，就像食物之于身体一样。摄取了适量的营养食物，我们的身体得以生长而肌肉得以发达。同样地，我们应该日复一日不断地学习以保持我们敏锐的心智能力，并扩充我们的智力容量。不断的学习提供我们用不尽的燃料，来驱使我们磨利我们的推理、分析和判断的能力。持续的学习是在信息时代中跟时代并驾齐驱的最稳当的方法，也是在变动的世代中成功的可靠保证.一旦学习停止，单调贫乏的生活就开始了。视学校为汲取知识的唯一场所是种常见的谬误。相反地，学习应该是一种无终止的历程，从生到死。由于世界一直快速地在变动，只要学习停顿数日就将使人落后。更糟的是，蛰伏在我们潜意识深处的兽性本能就会复活，削弱我们追求高贵理想的意志，弱化我们扫除成功障碍的决心，而且扼杀我们净化我们人格的欲望。缺少学习将不可避免地导致心灵的停滞，甚至更糟地，使其僵化。因此，为了保持心理年轻，我们必须将学习当作一生的事业。
Those Childhood Days  

　　When you came into the world, she held you in her arms. 

　　You thanked her by weeping your eyes out. 

　　When you were 1 year old, she fed you and bathed you. 

　　You thanked her by crying all night long. 

　　When you were 2 years old, she taught you to walk. 

　　You thanked her by running away when she called. 

　　When you were 3 years old, she made all your meals with love. 

　　You thanked her by tossing your plate on the floor. 

　　When you were 4 years old, she gave you some crayons. 

　　You thanked her by coloring the dining room table. 

　　When you were 5 years old, she dressed you for the holidays. 

　　You thanked her by plopping into the nearest pile of mud. 

　　When you were 6 years old, she walked you to school. 

　　You thanked her by screaming, "I'm not going!" 

　　When you were 7 years old, she bought you a baseball. 

　　You thanked her by throwing it through the next-door-neighbor's window. 

　　When you were 8 years old, she handed you an ice cream. 

　　You thanked her by dripping it all over your lap. 

　　When you were 9 years old, she paid for piano lessons. 

　　You thanked her by never even bothering to practice. 

　　When you were 10 years old, she drove you all day, from soccer to gymnastics to one birthday party after another. 

　　You thanked her by jumping out of the car and never looking back. 

　　When you were 11 years old, she took you and your friends to the movies. 

　　You thanked her by asking to sit in a different row. 

　　When you were 12 years old, she warned you not to watch certain TV shows. 

　　You thanked her by waiting until she left the house. 

　　Those Teenage Years 

　　When you were 13, she suggested a haircut that was becoming.  

　　You thanked her by telling her she had no taste. 

　　When you were 14, she paid for a month away at summer camp. 

　　You thanked her by forgetting to write a single letter. 

　　When you were 15, she came home from work, looking for a hug. 

　　You thanked her by having your bedroom door locked. 

　　When you were 16, she taught you how to drive her car. 

　　You thanked her by taking it every chance you could. 



 
 
 
蓝谰漤 
 3楼 


　　When you were 17, she was expecting an important call. 

　　You thanked her by being on the phone all night. 

　　When you were 18, she cried at your high school graduation. 

　　You thanked her by staying out partying until dawn. 

　　Growing Old and Gray 

　　When you were 19, she paid your college tuition, drove you to campus, carried your bags.  

　　You thanked her by saying good-bye outside the dorm so you wouldn't be embarrassed in front of your friends. 

　　When you were 20, she asked whether you were seeing anyone. 

　　You thanked her by saying, "It's none of your business." 

　　When you were 21, she suggested certain careers for your future. 

　　You thanked her by saying, "I don't want to be like you." 

　　When you were 22, she hugged you at your college graduation. 

　　You thanked her by asking whether she could pay for a trip to Europe. 

　　When you were 23, she gave you furniture for your first apartment. 

　　You thanked her by telling your friends it was ugly. 

　　When you were 24, she met your fiance10 and asked about your plans for the future. 

　　You thanked her by glaring and growling, "Muuhh-ther, please!" 

　　When you were 25, she helped to pay for your wedding, and she cried and told you how deeply she loved you. 

　　You thanked her by moving halfway across the country. 

　　When you were 30, she called with some advice on the baby. 

　　You thanked her by telling her, "Things are different now." 

　　When you were 40, she called to remind you of a relative's birthday. 

　　You thanked her by saying you were "really busy right now." 

　　When you were 50, she fell ill and needed you to take care of her. 

　　You thanked her by reading about the burden parents become to their children. 

　　And then one day she quietly died. 

　　And everything you never did came crashing down like thunder. 

　　"Rock me baby, rock me all night long." 

　　"The hand who rocks the cradle...may rock the world". 

　　Let us take a moment of the time just to pay tribute and show appreciation to the person called mom though some may not say it openly to their mother. There's no substitute for her. Cherish every single moment. Though at times she may not be the best of friends, may not agree to our thoughts, she is still your mother!!!She will be there for you...to listen to your woes, your braggings, your frustations, etc. Ask yourself...have you put aside enough time for her, to listen to her "blues" of working in the kitchen, her tiredness? Be tactful, loving and still show her due respect though you may have a different view from hers. Once gone, only fond memories of the past and also regrets will be left. 

　　Don't take for granted the things closest to your heart. Love her more than you love yourself. Life is meaningless without her ...  


　　童年时光 

　　你来到人世，她抱你在怀。 

　　你报答她，哭得天昏地暗。 

　　你1岁时，她为你哺乳，为你洗澡。 

　　你报答她，哭了个通宵。 

　　你2岁时，她教你走路。 

　　你报答她，她一叫你就跑。 



 
 
 
蓝谰漤 
 4楼 


　　你3岁时，她满怀爱心为你备三餐。 

　　你报答她，把盘子一抛摔在地。 

　　你4岁时，她给你几支彩笔。 

　　你报答她，把餐桌涂成大花脸。 

　　你5岁时，节日里她盛妆打扮你。 

　　你报答她，扑通一声摔进旁边一堆泥巴里。 

　　你6岁时，她步行送你去上学。 

　　你报答她，扯着嗓子叫：“我就是不去！” 

　　你7岁时，她给你买来个棒球。 

　　你报答她，把邻居的玻璃砸得稀里哗啦。 

　　你8岁时，她递给你一支冰淇淋。 

　　你报答她，膝盖上滴的全是它。 

　　你9岁时，她掏钱让你学钢琴。 

　　你报答她，从来不费心去练它。 

　　你10岁时，她整天开车为你忙，从足球场到健身房，到一个又一个的生日会场。 

　　你报答她，跳下车，头也不回背朝她。 

　　你11岁，她带你和朋友去影院。 

　　你报答她，请她坐到另一排。 

　　你12岁，她警告你有些电视不要看。 

　　你报答她，等她离开偏要看。 

　　少年岁月 

　　你13岁，她建议你把发型剪得体。 

　　你报答她，对她连说没品味。 

　　14岁时，她掏钱送你进夏令营。 

　　你报答她，整月没有一封信。 

　　15岁时，她下班回到家，期望有人拥抱她。 

　　你报答她，把房门反锁不理她。 

　　你16岁时，她手把手教你开她的车。 

　　你报答她，逮着机会就玩车。 

　　你17岁，她在等一个重要电话。 

　　你报答她，电话粥煲了一通宵。 

　　18岁你高中毕业时，她喜极而泣把泪洒。 

　　你报答她，在外面聚会通宵达旦不回家。 

　　成人、渐老 

　　你19岁，大学学费她买单，扛着包开车送你到学校。 

　　你报答她，在宿舍门外说再见，为的是不在朋友面前现大眼。 

　　你20岁，她问你是否在约会。 

　　你报答她，对她说，“这事不管不行吗！” 

　　你21岁，她为你将来事业提建议。 

　　你报答她，对她说，“我才不愿学你样！” 

　　你22岁，大学毕业典礼上，她伸手把你紧拥抱。 

　　你报答她，问她能否掏钱让你到欧洲逛一趟。 

　　你23岁，她为你第一套公寓置家具。 

　　你报答她，告诉朋友家具的模样丑。 

　　你24岁，她遇到你的未婚夫，问你们将来何打算。 

　　你报答她，对她怒目加咆哮，“妈……，得了吧，求你啦！” 

　　你25岁，她花钱帮你筹办婚礼，哭诉深深爱着你。 

　　你报答她，安家离她千万里。 

　　你30岁，她打来电话为宝宝抚养提忠告。 

　　你报答她，告诉她，“如今情况不同啦！” 

　　你40岁，她打电话把醒提，亲戚的生日匆忘记。 

　　你报答她，说你“实在忙得不用提。” 

　　你50岁，她病倒需要你照顾。 

　　你报答她，念叨父母成负担。 

　　后来有一天，她悄悄地去了。 

　　突然间，你该做未做的事，仿佛霹雳，在你耳边炸响。 

　　“摇啊摇，摇我这个小宝宝，一夜到天亮。” 

　　“摇摇篮的手啊……可以摇世界。” 

　　让我们花一小会儿时间，对那个叫“妈”的人表示敬意，表达感谢，虽然有些人当着面说不出口。妈妈是不可替代的。珍惜与她在一起的每一时刻吧。虽然有时候，她可能不是我们最好的朋友，可能不同意我们的想法，但妈妈就是妈妈！！！她始终陪伴你身边，听你的伤心事，听你吹大牛，听你把沮丧倾诉……。扪心自问，你是否曾经抽出过足够的时间陪伴她，听她讲围着灶台转的“伤心事”，讲她也会疲劳？？？就算你与她意见不一，也要委婉，充满爱心，对她表示出应有的尊敬。一旦她去了，剩下的就只有对过去岁月的美好回忆，还有就是终生的遗憾。 

　　不要以为，与你心最近，你就理所应得。 

　　爱她，要甚于爱你自己。 

　　生命中没有了她，将了无意义……  


 
