A类（学术类）雅思作文题集锦
1.有人认为对待动物应该如宠物一般，有人认为动物是食物和衣服的主要来源，请讨论
Some people think that the animals should be treated as pets, others think that animals are resources of food and clothing. What is your opinion?
2.现代社会电视广告在人们的生活中十分普及，人们需要的也买，不需要的也买，尤其是青少年受到的影响特别深，有些人认为要限制广告，你的看法？
With the development of market economy advertisements have become a dominant feature in television industry descript the rich information brought by TV, there still exits strong criticism against TV advertisements. Write on article analyzing the passive and negative effects of TV advertisements.
3.人类登月进行探索已有30多年历史，有人认为类似科研活动浪费金钱时间，你的看法如何？
Some people believe that government spends too much money on space research while there are still a lot of problems on the earth. Do you agree or disagree?
4.有些人认为政府不应该把大量的资金用于艺术建设，因为对于国家来说有更重要的事情要解决，你的看法？
It is wrong that our government pays more money to the artist projects, for instance, there are more and more paintings and sculptures appearing at the public places, because there are more important things to do. What is your opinion?
5.贫穷国家现在已经认识到卫生，教育，贸易对国家发展的重要性，许多人认为发达国家应该对这些贫穷国家予以支持。你的观点？
Some people think that the developed countries should fund international aid to poor countries to help these developing countries to develop domestic health, education and trade. What is your opinion?
6.现代生活中，许多人认为现在的工作压力比以前大了，闲暇时间更少，你的看法如何？
Many people think that work nowadays is more stressful and less leisurely than in the past, how about you opinion?
7.现代社会青少年犯罪问题（三个方面：吸毒，酗酒，自杀）
Young drug abuse is a serious problem nowadays in many countries, what are the reasons for this and what can be done to combat it? (drug 毒品药丸，alcohol and tobacco,香烟和酒精，suicide 自杀)
8.许多人对新千年很乐观，认为这是一个机会让我们的世界发生一些变化，你是否同意这种说法，你希望看到世界有何变化？
Some people think that the new Millennium is the opportunity while others think it is danger. What do you think about it and what do you expect to happen in the new Millennium.
9.发展中国家是应该致力于发展本国的科技研究还是发展人文教育上？你的看法？
Should developing countries concentrate on Improving industrial skills and modern technology or should they promote education first?
10.一个国家和城市的环境保护是应该由个人，团体（公司）和政府来共同承担的，这种看法是否正确，你的看法？
Who should be responsible for protecting the environment of a city or a country - the government , the corporation or the people?
11.现代科技发展给人类生活带来的巨大的影响，有人认为这使我们的生活比以前更美好，方便，但有人却说以前的生活更好，你的看法？
Does modern technology make life more convenient, or was life better when technology was simpler?
两个方面：核能量的使用 nuclear energy, 汽车 automobile
12.现在很多国家发展本国旅游和观光事业，有人认为这对国家之间的交流和文化联系是有很大的帮助的，但也有人认为这造成了本国的环境污染的问题，你的看法？
Tourism is a multibillion dollars industry that supports economic development, some people think that it causes damage to local environment and culture, so what is your opinion?
13.有人认为医生的第一义务是应以救人为主,且不论病人之贫贱,而非以利益为优先之手术及较照顾富有的病人，你的看法？
Nowadays doctors can become very rich. Maybe they should not focus on profitable activities such as plastic surgery or looking after rich patients and concentrate more on patient health, no matter how rich they are?
14.在信息世界里,现代科技中如计算机网络逐步普及，有人认为它将会取代书籍及其它书寓式大众传播媒体，你的看法？
Will modern technology, such as the internet ever replace the book or the written word as the main source of information?
15.犯罪者应以入狱等方式去惩罚他,还是以"再教育.再适应的方式",如社区服务、活动、课程等,来引导他们再进入社会，你的看法？
Should criminals be punished with lengthy jail terms or re-educated and rehabilitated, using community service programs for instance, before being reintroduced to society?
16.在一些国家，如果家长在身体上折磨或是惩罚孩子将会触犯法律并且会被拘捕，一些人认为这样的惩罚措施是教育孩子加强纪律约束他们的行为，另外有些人认为这种惩罚是不合适的，说说你的看法？
In some countries if parents hit children or punish children physically, they will break the law and will be arrested. Some people think that punishment is good for teaching children to discipline their behavior, others say it's the matter of parents.
17.有人认为用一种官方语言比较好，也有人认为一种语言将导致丧失民族语言的特性，你的看法？
some people think that it is more important for a single language as an international official language. others think that it will make it difficult to identify countries and loss culture. what's your opinion? and show your reason and example .
18.有人认为现代科技的不断发展，传统文化和技术必会灭亡，继续保持传统的文化和技术已经没有意义了，你的看法？
As the development of modern science and technology, some aspects of traditional culture are being lost, so some people think that the traditional culture and technology will be replaced by the modern science and technology such as computer or internet, what is your opinion?
19.有人认为像世界杯这样的体育盛事是有利于缓解世界的紧张局势和偏见，维护世界和平的，请讨论？
Some sport events such as the World Cup may help reduce the tension and bias between different countries and keep the peace of the world, what is your opinion?
20.公众人物的隐私经常受到记者暴露和报道。他们是否该拥有隐私权？他们隐私权之被侵害是否正是因其名该付出代价? 你的看法？
If famous people are treated unfairly by the media? Should they be given more privacy, or is the price of their fame an invasion into their private lives?
21.有人认为电视（网络）的普及影响到生活中家庭成员或是朋友之间的亲密关系，你的看法如何？
Some people think that the popularity of TV (Internet) have affected the close relationship between family members or friends, what's your opinion?
三方面：电视 television 电话 telephone 网络 internet or network
22.现代一个成功人士所需素质是不是必须从大学或相似的科研学术机构中学习而获得呢，你是否支持？
Whether the necessary characteristics and qualities must be obtained from the study in university or similar institutions?
23.许多国家的孩子在课余参加一些有偿劳动，有人认为这种做法是错误的，而有人认为这种劳动可以使孩子们学到知识，并提高他们的责任感，你的看法？
Children from many countries are taking part in some paid laboring. Some people think it's wrong, while others think this kind of laboring enables the children to learn some knowledge an raise their sense of responsibility. What's your opinion?
24.一些明星或是体育明星往往可以拿到很高的薪水，而一些公益事业的工作者例如教师护士却薪水很少，这样是否合理？(新东方作文)
Some stars often can be highly paid, while some workers for social works ,such as teacher, earn a litter, do you think it's reasonable?
25.现代人们依赖新闻和报纸去了解信息，但往往又不是很确定这些报纸或新闻的真实性,我们是否应该信赖记者呢？你有什么看法呢?一个好的记者或新闻工作者应具备什么素质呢？
Nowadays, people get information through news and papers, but meanwhile are uncertain about the truth of these news. Should we believe the journalists? What's your opinion? What qualities should a good journalist or correspondent own?
26.随着英语在全球的发展，越来越多人说英语，请说一下这种现象的利弊。
As the development of English all over the world, more and more people are speaking English, please demonstrate the merits and demits of this phenomena?
27.有人说现在的学生在学校里受到很大的压力，有来自父母，有来自老师的，请评价一下这种现象？
Some people say nowadays students in school bear great pressures, among which some are from teachers, and some are from teachers. Please comment on this phenomena.
28.现在大学给学生推荐工作，有人认为大学需要根据毕业生的就业来优化课程，也就是设置一些适应实际工作需要的课程，但另外一些人反对，觉得大学还是重点学习理论方面的知识，你的看法？
Nowadays universities recommend jobs for students. Some people think the universities should adapt courses according to the graduation of students, namely, arrange some courses which are necessary for practical jobs. But some others disagree, in their opinion, universities should emphasize on theories. What's your opinion?
29.有很多人认为应该把把动物园关闭，因为这样对动物太残忍，而且对社会的作用太小，也有些人认为动物园能够带给人们欢乐，尤其是孩子，你对此观点的看法？
A great many people think zoos should be closed, because it's too cruel to animals. Besides there are little benefits for society. While others think zoo can bring people happiness, especially for children. What's your view?