雅思考试移民G类作文大全
version 73
task1 某公司offer you 一份工作但你不能去写封信告诉该公司人事主管你拒绝接受并表示感谢说明理由以及你如何喜欢你现在的工作
task2 一项报告标明children are becoming lazy, fat and unsociable, give your possible causes and measures.
task 2
people use the computers when they work , go banking and , but somebody argue that it will make the people isolate and decrease social skills to what extend do you agree or disagree
version 72
task1 是讲你买了财产保险,现在度假过程中丢失了东西丢了东西,要写封信给保险公司,要求是描述丢失情况,告诉他们你要他们怎么做等.
task2 是现在一些人希望学生多学点general subjects,另一些人希望学生不满17 岁就开始学习special subjects.问你agree or disagree. give some reason and give your relevant experience about it.high school students should study general subjects before they are 17 years old,to study specialist subjects before that age is too early for them. agree or disagree
task 2
people use computer in shop,bank...without leaving home.someone think it is danger because it may make people isolate and lose the social skills to live with others.to what extend do you agree or disagree this opinion?
应该给小孩子适当的惩罚,你多大程度上同意.这么老的题目还考,真不知道他们是怎么想的
version 76
task 1
大致意思为your car is hired from a company and when u are driving in holiday, there's a small accident on it, you will have to write a report to the company to explain it you need to explain the following statement 1 when and where you hired it 2 describe how the accident happened 3 what kind of action did you have after the accident you do not to use your own address
write about 150 words
task 2
大致意思为fashion is difficult to follow, some people say fashion is just for selling clothes, we should not follow it and we should dress what we like and feel comfortable in it agree or disagree? use any relevant example to support your idea.
write 250 words.
1: 写一封信给保险公司告诉它们你参加了一次旅行并办了旅游保险但是你在旅途中丢了东西告诉保险公司丢了什么以及值多少钱以及怎么丢的writing
2: 现在人们穿着越来越紧跟时尚但是有些人却不这样他们认为应该按自己的喜好和舒适来选择服装你的观点如今很多人喜欢选择非常时尚的穿着打扮但是这种穿着打扮并不实用人们是否应该选择一些更加comfortable 的服装
task2
happiness is considered important to people. why are the definitions of happiness different?(大概是这样意思就是问为什么幸福的定义如此不同和难下这个定义)
what is the factors in achieving happiness. give some examples and relavent evidence.
happiness
1)happiness is important in life
2)why it is difficult to define ?
3)what factors are important in achieving happiness
version 79
task1: the flat u rent caught a small fire. 让你跟房东说明当时情况你有什么东西损坏了需要房东做什么阐述过程;列you lost 详细物品;
task2: some family sent their children to foreign country for education purpose.请谈一下优缺点何时是留学最佳年龄
version 67
写作一个是抱怨住得附近你家对面有一个小公园有年轻人老让自己得狗随便跑危险向council 投诉you live in a house opposite to a small park. every evening a young man bring 2 large dogs and let them free. write a letter to the city council and describe the situation, tell them it is dangerous and reason. then tell them what action should be done.
第二个是说青年如何选择自己得职业应该听谁的意见从那里寻找信息谈谈你的看法
how to decide future career
what is the important
young people choose career, whose opinion and what kind of information do you think important?
give reasons and examples.
version 25
task1 因为没能去旅游所以索要旅行保险explain 类型
task2 中学生17 岁前应该先学尽量多的general subjects 然后再学习special subject agree or disagree?
version 68
task 1 you took your family had a good meal in a local restaurant. write a letter to the newspaper to tell about it, describ the meal you had, and why you think the restaurant is worth for other people to visit.
task 2. choose an invertion, telephone or computer, and tell how it has changed our life. are the changes all possitive or negative? 并提出例子或你的经历来说明.
version 71/14
task 1 给一个depart store 写信应聘工作说明你为什么写这封信你的资历应聘什么职位
write a letter to apply a position in a local department store; include: what position? your experience and related ability?
task 在世纪奥林匹克运动存在没有意义年以后应该停止举行奥林匹克运动会task2 题目有点怪有人说oylmpic game 不再有什么地位2004 年将是最后一次同意与否
someone think that olympic games will not play a role in 21st century, and think the 2004 game should be the last one.agree or disagree?
version
6.3.1 you have transfered to another university for a couple of days; please write to your friend to tell them something about your new university and your life there; and, why do you choose to transfer to this university;
6.3.2 nowadays, more and more people don't wear their national clothes, and they are forgetting their culture and their history; so, people should wear their traditional clothes everyday. give your opinion
version
1. you bought audio cassette player in a store. but just after one week, you found it broken down the store did not want to give you a new one as replacement . so you write to the manufacturer about this problem of the player and the store and ask them to replace a new one
2. ( about computer games): children spend a lot of time playing computer games. many parents point out that computer games have little educational value. so children should be prevented from computer games
version
task1 write a letter to complain the seating, the staff and the late about the local train service. to the manager and what is your advice.
task2 there are lots of difficulties for the new students at the first day in the high school/college because they feel very alone. what are the difficulties they will face on the first day? what can the school and college do to solve these problems?
version
1 举办一个家庭聚会邀请一个老朋友参加告诉他为什么要举办party 都有什么内容为什么他的到来很重要
2 电视的作用比其他现代发明物在提高人民生活质量上要强的多你是否同意这种观点
version 66
task 1 写信给restaurant 要求一房间给朋友办birthday party 时间有什么其他要求包括人数时间要求等
task2 teengers spending too much time on watching tv affect thrie human relationship your opinion 每周花40 小时在television and video 上而只有8 小时在与家人交流上有人说这影响了他们能力
version 63 (南京9.22)
task 1:你发现电话帐单错了,写信给电话公司
1. 解释问题
2. 抱怨
3. 希望他们做什么
task2: 现在有很多二十岁以下的青年去上学或工作,你怎么看待这种sudden independence,同意不同意
version 46
task1: you stay with a local family when you attended a training program in new zerland. you returned to your home country in a hurry and found that you had left your laptop computer in the family. write a letter to the family, thanking them for their hospitality. describe your computer and where it is and ask the host to send it back to you.
task 2: some say that it is good for children to stay away from their families and go to boarding school. others say that children had better live with their families and attend a day school. what do you think about it?
version 80
task1 去一个地方旅游回来向一个英国朋友介绍情况建议他带什么东西
task2 不同工作的人应该有相同的假期吗
task 1: you have been to a place and your friend also will go to the same place, write a letter to your friend, discribe that place, give some advice.
task 2: do you think people do different jobs they should have different time holiday, are you agree or disagree, give your reason and explain. 公司里做不同工作的人有不同的假期是不是所有的雇员应该有同样的假期不管他们做什么工作你的观念给出原因举例子
version
task1 你和你哥原本打算去度假因为哥哥有事不能去写封信给朋友邀请他去解释原因并告知度假的详情嘱咐他要带的东西
task2 许多商场和家庭中装了电视录象设备有人认为是侵犯隐私有人认为安全更重要你的观点
task1 你订了一个假期原定和你弟弟一起去但是他突然有事不能去要你写信给你的一个朋友介绍一下情况要求他和你去并介绍行程安排以及他要带的东西
task2 现在很多商店和家庭按照摄像监视系统但是有许多人反对阐明你的观点并结合例子加以说明
version
task 1 的内容你是一个外国留学生你对现在的公寓不满你去申请一个在学校住的位置
task 2 的内容是教育问题现在对孩子的教育是业余时间多学习有教育意义的东西有的家长认为不能对孩子施加太多的压力你怎么认为dicuss
task1 是讲你到一个英语国家学习住在租的房子想搬到the college hall of resident 写信introduce yourself, explain your situation and why do you want to move.
task2 更容易some people say that children should spend their leisures time in edacational activeities. some people believe it is danerous to put presure on children. describe these two sides
version 53
task1 你收到了暑期打工的报酬但是比答应的报酬少请你给单位的经理写一封信写明
l 说明你的工作内容和工作了多长时间
2 解释所发生的问题
3 提出你的解决要求
task2 在一些国家父母可以体罚孩子而在另一些国家这样的行为是违法的结合实际情况谈谈你的看法结论属于很普通的题没有问题
version 78
task 1
you r going to london to take a training course for a month. pls write a letter tothe local accomodation agency to prepare a flat for u. u should tell him ur information, ur requirement, when u would arrive.
task 2
today's parents spend too little time staying with their children and use television to make their children keep quiet.explain the reason and results by using ur relevant expierence.
version 11
task 1 is a reference letter for your friend to work with foreign teenagers. describe his or her character and why you recommend her.
i think, if you practice more writing before the test, especial those topics that are given by jiahua, writing will not be a big problem.
task 2 in most part of the world, the volume of traffic is growing at an alarming rate. in the form of an assignment, discuss about the main traffic problems in your country, their causes and possible solutions. this one is among the 15 topics that jiahua has laid emphasis on (no31)