《时代周刊》评选出世界百名最具影响力的人物

   The US weekly magazine Time has released its annual list of the 100 most influential people in the world. Chinese President Hu Jintao and Vice Premier Wu Yi are listed among the most influential leaders, along with US President George W. Bush.
   Chinese basketball player Yao Ming is honored in the "icon" group.
   Democratic challenger John Kerry, who also made the list, was called "a solemn unifier for the Democrats" by Joe Klein, who wrote a best-seller about the Clintons.
   Both ex-President Bill Clinton and Sen. Hillary Clinton made the grade as "the brightest stars in the Democratic gallery."
   Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and his ally, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, were also listed.
   World leaders included Russian President Vladimir Putin, North Korea's leader, Kim Jong Il, Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan, and Brazil President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, called "the developing world's new spokesman."
   Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary General, also made the grade.
   Aung San Suu Kyi, who won the Nobel Peace Prize for her unflinching fight for democracy in Myanmar, appeared in the "Heroes and Icons" category along with rock star Bono.
   Peter Jackson, director of the film epic "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King," and J.K. Rowling, who wrote the Harry Potter books, were listed as "Artists and Entertainers."
   So were actor Sean Penn and actress Nicole Kidman -- but not her ex-husband, Tom Cruise.
   Only four of the 100 "People of the Century" Time previously named made this year's list: Pope John Paul II, South Africa's former leader Nelson Mandela, TV host Oprah Winfrey and Microsoft Corp. chairman Bill Gates.

   美国《时代周刊》公布了一年一度的世界百名最具影响力的人物名单。国家主席胡锦涛、国务院副总理吴仪和美国总统乔治・布什一起被评为“最具影响力的领导人”。
   中国篮球运动员姚明被评为“最具影响力的偶像人物”。
   美国民主党总统候选人约翰・克里也名列其中。曾经写过有关克林顿一家的畅销书作者乔・克劳恩称其为“民主党的严肃统一者”。
   美国前总统比尔・克林顿和希拉里・克林顿被评为“民主党内最闪耀的明星”。
   入选名单的还有“基地”头目奥斯马・本・拉登和他的幕僚阿布・穆萨布・阿尔・扎卡维。
   入选的世界各国领导人还包括：俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔・普京、朝鲜人民民主共和国主席金正日、土耳其总理塔伊普・埃尔多安以及被称为“发展中国家新的发言人”的巴西总统路易斯・伊纳西奥・卢拉・达席尔瓦。
   联合国秘书长科非・安南也获此殊荣。
   为了缅甸的民主而不懈斗争并因此获诺贝尔和平奖的翁山苏姬和摇滚乐团U2的主唱波诺一起出现在“英雄和偶像”的名单中。
   电影巨作《指环王：王者归来》的导演彼得・杰克逊和《哈里波特》的作者乔安娜・罗林入选“艺术家和娱乐人物”名单。
   名列其中的还有男演员西恩・潘和女演员妮可・基德曼，但她的前夫汤姆・克鲁斯榜上无名。
   去年的百名“世纪人物”中只有4位出现在今年的名单上，他们是：罗马教皇约翰・保罗二世、南非前总统纳尔逊・曼德拉、美国电视“脱口秀”主持人奥普拉・温弗莉和微软公司主席比尔・盖茨。

make the grade: 成功（通过考验），合格
unflinching: 坚决的