UK opens pioneer cell bank
世界首家干细胞库在英国成立

   The world's first stem cell bank opens in Hertfordshire on May 19, putting Britain at the forefront of one of the most controversial areas of modern scientific research.
   The bank, based at the National Institute for Biological Standards and Control (NIBSC) and funded by a ￡40m grant, will accept embryonic cells as well as those from adults and from foetuses. The UK's first two deposits have been developed separately by researchers at King's College London and the Centre for Life in Newcastle.
   The aim of the new cell bank is to store, characterise and clone cells and distribute them as required to researchers around the world. It will bring cures a step closer for Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, diabetes, muscular dystrophy and heart disease.
   But it also puts Britain at odds with anti-abortion groups and the United States, where president George Bush has banned the use of public funds for stem cell research.
   "It's a very exciting development," said Colin Blakemore, chief executive of the Medical Research Council (MRC). "This is an absolutely essential step along the route towards stem cell therapy which everybody in the business recognises as a potentially very important development in medicine."
   The cell bank was condemned by anti-abortion groups. Josephine Quintavalle, a spokesperson for the Prolife Alliance, said she felt suspicious about the establishment of the stem cell bank, despite the fact many scientists see it as a way of reducing the number of embryos they would need to use.
   Stem cells are the body's master cells. Those found in embryos are most prized by scientists because they can turn into every part of the human body.
   Adult stem cells are thought by scientists to be less versatile than their embryonic equivalents.
   Extracting them from early-stage embryos, however, is extremely difficult and very few researchers around the world have been successful. The new cell bank is partly designed to overcome this problem by making the stem cells widely available.
   5月19日，世界首家干细胞库在英国的赫特福德郡成立，使英国成为这个现代科学研究中最具争议性领域的最前线。
   这个干细胞库建在英国生物学标准与控制研究院，有四千万英镑专款基金，将接受胚胎细胞和成人及胎儿细胞。英国首批两个存储库是由伦敦大学国王学院和纽卡斯尔生命中心的研究者们分别发展起来的。
   新的细胞库的目的是存储干细胞，研究细胞的特性，并进行无性繁殖，然后按需要将它们分配给世界各地的研究者们。它将进一步促进对阿尔滋海默症，帕金森症，糖尿病，肌肉萎缩症和心脏病等疾病的治疗。
   但这也使英国受到反堕胎组织和美国的抗议，因为美国总统乔治・布什下令禁止将公共基金用于干细胞研究。
   医学研究会会长科林・布莱客摩尔说：“这是一个激动人心的进步，这无疑是干细胞治疗发展史上关键的一步，业内每个人都意识到了这是医学领域一个潜在的非常重大的发展。”
   这个细胞库遭到了反堕胎组织的谴责。保卫生命联盟的发言人约瑟芬・昆塔瓦莱说，她对胚胎干细胞库的建立表示怀疑，尽管许多科学家认为这是一种必要的、减少胚胎使用数量的途径。
   干细胞是人体内最重要的细胞。胚胎中的干细胞受到科学家的极度珍爱，因为它们可以转化为人体的任何部分。
   在科学家看来，成人干细胞没有胚胎干细胞那样神通广大。
   然而，从早期的胚胎中提取干细胞非常困难，世界上也很少有研究者成功过。新细胞库的建立一方面是为了通过广泛获取干细胞来克服这个问题。

stem cell: 干细胞
at odds: 争执
versatile: 通用的，外能的