Iraqi translators face death to work for US
为美方工作实属无奈 伊拉克翻译面临死亡威胁

   When Iraqis employed by the US-led authority running their country arrive at work they face a sharp reminder of the deadly risks they run.
   A black banner tied to a checkpoint at an entrance to the occupation authority's Baghdad headquarters announces the murder of "the martyr Mohamed Ghazi al-Saudi." His photo, stapled to sandbag fortifications, flutters in the breeze.
   Colleagues say Saudi, who worked as a translator at a gate to the sprawling compound known as the "Green Zone," was shot dead outside his home.
   "He was expecting death every day because he was working with the Americans," said an Iraqi man who had taken up Saudi's old position alongside US troops at the checkpoint.
   Saudi's replacement, who declined to give his name, said he had become more cautious since his colleague's death. "I expect to be killed at any moment. But I have to work to live."
   Iraqis who play the crucial role of telling the US-led occupation what their compatriots are saying have been targeted by insurgents fighting the new order in Iraq. Other Iraqis working for the authorities have also been targeted.
   Translators working with western media organizations have also been murdered.
   With the Iraqi economy shattered by ongoing violence, Baghdad translators find few job opportunities outside the fortress-like headquarters of the American-led administration.
   "I'm supporting my husband. We have to pay the rent. We have to feed and clothe our baby," said one translator, who like others did not want to be named, fearing assassination.
   Since she began working for the US-led authorities a few months ago, assailants have twice tried to force her car off the road. Crime and lawlessness are common in Iraq, but she is sure the incidents were connected to her job, which she keeps secret from all but her closest family.
   A friend who worked as a translator at a Baghdad university had been kidnapped and released by insurgents, she said.
   "It makes me paranoid that I might be killed," she said, questioning whether the $500 a month salary paid by the Americans was worth the risk. Before the US-led invasion her translation job earned double that amount.
   美国领导下的联军当局控制着整个伊拉克，当受雇于联军的伊拉克人工作时，他们强烈地意识到自己随时都有丧命的危险。
   一个通往美国占领当局巴格达总部入口的检查站系着一条黑色横幅，宣告“烈士穆罕默德・加齐・桑迪”被暗杀。他的照片被钉在沙袋堆成的堡垒上，在微风中飘动。
   桑迪在一个被称作“绿洲”的临时集中营大门口处做翻译。桑迪的同事们说，他在家门外被枪杀。
   “每天他都在等死，因为他在为美国人干活，”检查站一位接替桑迪职位，为美军工作的伊拉克人说。
   这位拒绝透露姓名的桑迪的接替者说，自从同事死后他变的愈加小心，“我想我任何时刻都可能被杀害，但我必须为了生存而工作。”
   那些伊拉克翻译在向美国领导下的占领当局传达伊拉克同胞们声音的过程中扮演了关键角色，同时他们也成了抵抗伊拉克新秩序的起义者们攻击的对象。其他为占领当局工作的伊拉克人也成为攻击的目标。
   为西方媒体机构工作的翻译们也被谋杀。
   随着伊拉克经济被不断发生的暴力事件所摧毁，巴格达的翻译们在堡垒般的美军领导的临时政府总部之外，几乎找不到工作机会。
  “我要帮助我丈夫，我们必须付房租，给小孩吃饭穿衣。”一个翻译说，和其他害怕被暗杀的翻译一样，她不愿透露姓名。
   当她几个月前开始为美军领导的联军当局工作时，攻击者两次试图将她的车挤下马路。违法犯罪行为在伊拉克很常见，但她确信这些事和她的工作有关，除了最亲近的家人外，她向一切人保密她的工作。
   她说，她的一位在巴格达大学当翻译的朋友曾被起义者绑架，后来又被释放了。
  “这使我患上了担心自己可能被杀的猜疑症，”她说，她开始怀疑为了美国人支付的五百美元的月薪是否值得冒这样的风险。在美军入侵之前，她靠做翻译赚的钱是现在的两倍。

fortification: 堡垒
compatriot: 同胞