Former US president Bill Clinton wins unusual new honour -- a Grammy
克林顿喜获格莱美奖 童话剧中扮演狼

   Former US president Bill Clinton won an unusual new honour to put among his political trophies -- one of music's highest awards, a Grammy.
   But the former leader of the free world did not win the coveted gong for his prowess on his beloved saxophone but for lending his voice to the Russian folk tale of "Peter and the Wolf."
   He shared the Grammy for Best Spoken Word Album for Children with another former world leader, ex-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, and actress Sophia Loren.
   Mr Gorbachev narrates the introduction and the epilogue to the story. Sophia Loren tells the classic tale to Russian composer Sergei Prokofiev's score. And a new composition by Jean-Pascal Beintus, re-telling the story from the wolf's perspective, is narrated by Mr Clinton.
   The recording of the classic and musical tale was made to honour the 50th anniversary of the death of Sergei Prokofiev.
   The narrators, who did not take part in the awards ceremony, are donating their fees to charity. Mr Clinton is donating his fee to the International Aids Trust. Mr Gorbachev will donate the money he earns for his performance to Green Cross International - the environmental organisation he founded in 1993. Ms Loren has chosen the Magic of Music, a Russian National Orchestra arts therapy programme for young people.
   But the news was not so good for his wife, former US first lady and now Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, who had also been nominated for a Best Spoken Word Grammy for the reading of her autobiography "Living History."
   Senator Clinton, who won her own Grammy in 1996 for her reading of the book "It Takes a Village," lost out to liberal social commentator Al Franken who won the award for Best Spoken Word Album for "Lies And The Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair And Balanced Look At The Right."

   美国前总统比尔・克林顿在他众多的政治荣誉之外又获得一项新的殊荣――音乐界的最高荣誉之一，格莱美奖。
   但是这位自由世界的前任领袖赢得令人羡慕的“留声机奖杯”不是因为出色地演奏他所钟爱的萨克斯管，而是因为他在俄罗斯民间故事《彼得与狼》中出演解说。
   同他一起荣获格莱美“最佳儿童说唱专辑”奖的还有另外一位前任国家领导人，前苏联总统米哈伊尔・戈尔巴乔夫和女星索菲亚・罗兰。
   戈尔巴乔夫在这个故事开场和结束时担任解说，索菲亚・罗兰在俄罗斯作曲家谢尔盖・普罗可菲夫谱写的音乐声中讲述了这个经典的童话故事。克林顿则在法国作曲家让・帕斯卡尔・贝恩图新创作的音乐伴奏下，以狼的口吻重新讲述了这个故事。
   这部经典音乐剧是为了纪念谢尔盖・普罗可菲夫逝世50周年而录制的。
   这三位故事讲述者都没有出席颁奖仪式，他们录制该片所获得的收入都捐献给了慈善组织。克林顿把收入捐献给国际艾滋病防治基金会，戈尔巴乔夫将把收入捐给他于1993创立的“国际绿十字会”环保组织，索非亚・罗兰将资助一项名为“音乐魔力”的艺术治疗项目，该项目是俄罗斯国家乐团为年轻人提供的。
   但是，克林顿的妻子、前美国第一夫人、现任国会参议员希拉里・克林顿就没那么好的消息了，她这次也因为朗读自传《亲历历史》而获得格莱“最佳诵读专辑”提名。
   参议员希拉里・克林顿在1996年因朗读她自己的作品《全村协力》而获得格莱美奖。而此次她败给了自由社会评论家阿尔・弗兰肯，阿尔・弗兰肯以《谎言和说谎者：以公正和平衡的眼光审视美国右派》获得“最佳诵读专辑”奖。