Pressures, illness mark princess' tale
压力疾病如影相随 日本王妃“忍辱负重”

   Once there was a Japanese woman who became a princess.
   She was attractive, charming and a Harvard University graduate. She dreamed of serving her country and joined the diplomatic corps.
   Then, in 1993, she married Crown Prince Naruhito, creating speculation about what this brilliant commoner might achieve in a tradition-bound country that seemed in strong need of a modern female role model.
   But that was a long time ago.
   Whatever hopes existed that Crown Princess Masako could change the role of women in Japan is gone. Today the 40-year-old princess is a shell of her former self.
   She hides from public view and the media speculate about her emotional state. She suffers from shingles--often a stress-related ailment--and she was the subject of a heartfelt public comment from her husband that sounded like a helpless prince desperately trying to save his princess.
   Before setting off, alone, on a trip to Europe in May, the prince complained bitterly at a news conference that the princess "worked hard to adapt to the environment of the Imperial Household for the past 10 years, but from what I can see, I think she has completely exhausted herself in trying to do so."
   Edging as close as he might dare to telling the full story in a rigidly structured country where spilling emotions in public is frowned upon--and would be considered almost unspeakably undignified for a prince--he suggested that Princess Masako crumbled under the pressure of an imperial system that cared only for tradition, not for the princess.
   The most specific issue that the prince addressed was the unbearable pressure felt by Masako-sama, as she is widely known, to fulfill the one responsibility she cannot carry out on command: to produce a male heir.
   Everyone in Japan understands that the future of the imperial family as it now exists may depend on Princess Masako. The royal couple has a 2-year-old daughter, born a year after the princess suffered a miscarriage. The crown prince's younger brother and his wife have two girls, which means the line of succession would end with the two men.
   There is no statute recognizing female succession to the Chrysanthemum Throne, though Japan has had several female emperors in its long history and some people have begun to talk of the unlikely possibility that the rules could be changed.
   Out of concern, the Imperial Household Agency apparently decided years ago that all other activities related to Princess Masako must be secondary to the issue of having a son.
   This has left the once-worldly princess--who speaks perfect English, participated in trade negotiations in her Foreign Ministry career and is the daughter of a judge on the International Court of Justice in The Hague --more or less a prisoner to her womb.
   For many women in Japan, particularly those who might have hitched their ambitions to those of the princess, the news that Princess Masako is struggling has hit home. It is a very clear reminder of how little has changed in a male-dominated society that feels most comfortable assigning women the primary roles of mothers and wives.
   曾经，有一个日本女人成为了王妃。
   她美丽迷人，魅力四射，还是哈佛大学的毕业生。她加入了外交使团，梦想着为国家效力。
   1993年，她嫁给了皇太子德仁，这引起了人们的猜测：在这个被传统束缚、看上去似乎很需要一位现代女性偶像的国度里，这位才华横溢的平民王妃能做些什么呢。
   那是很久以前的事了。
   无论人们曾经如何希望太子妃小和田雅子能够改变日本女性的地位，现在这些希望都已经不复存在了。如今，四十岁的太子妃只剩下一副躯壳了。
   她躲避公众的目光，而媒体却在不断揣测她的情绪状况。她患上带状庖疹――一种通常由于压力过大而带来的疾病。她丈夫在公众面前谈起她时真情流露，听起来就像无助的王子拼命地试图拯救他的王妃。
   今年五月份，在独自出访欧洲之前，皇太子在记者招待会上苦苦抱怨说王妃“在过去十年里一直在努力适应皇室的生活环境，但在我看来，我觉得她为此已经精疲力竭。”
   这个制度森严的国家是反对在公开场合流露情感的，对一个王子来说，这样做会被认为是几乎无法形容的尊严扫地，但皇太子差点大胆的说出所有的故事。他暗示太子妃小和田雅子在这个只在乎传统，却不关心王妃的皇室体系的压力下崩溃了。
   皇太子明确指出小和田雅子感到了无法承受的压力，众所周知，她被要求履行一种她无法完成的责任――为皇室生一个男性继承人。
   每个日本人都明白，从日本皇室的现状来看，它的将来可能全靠小和田雅子王妃了。这对皇室夫妇有一个两岁大的女儿，是在太子妃不幸流产一年后出生的。皇太子的弟弟和弟媳生有两个女儿，这意味着皇室王位的继承权将在这两个男人手里终结。
   尽管日本漫长的历史中有过几个女皇帝，但日本法律不承认女性对天皇王位的继承权。有些人开始讨论改变这种规定，但这似乎是不可能的。
   毫无疑问，日本内务部明显几年前就作出了决定，一切和太子妃相关的其他活动都不如生个儿子重要。
   这使这位曾经见多识广的太子妃几乎被困在生育的牢笼里。尽管她能讲一口流利的英语，在外交部工作时，参加过贸易洽谈，她还是一位海牙国际法庭法官的女儿。
   对许多日本妇女来说，特别是那些和王妃一样有抱负的女人，太子妃苦苦挣扎的消息对于她们来说是沉重的打击。它昭示着，这个男性支配的社会变化是多么小，女性的首要任务就是当好母亲和妻子，这样这个社会才觉得最舒服。

commoner: 平民
shingles: 带状疱疹
heartfelt: 衷心的，真心真意的
Imperial Household: 皇室
frown upon: 蹙眉而露出不悦之色，表示不赞成
undignified: 有损尊严的
miscarriage: 流产
Chrysanthemum Throne: 天皇王位
Imperial Household Agency: 日本内务部
hit home: 命中要害