Flame set for 78-day trip
奥运圣火在希腊点燃 火炬接力拉开序幕

   More than 10,000 people are expected to gather in Olympia to watch Olympic flame lighting ceremony on 25th March.
   Hundreds of police will be on duty at the ancient site, while helicopters, metal detectors and sniffer dogs will help boost the level of security.
   Former world champion javelin medallist Costas Gatsioudis will be the first runner with the torch.
   For the first time in history, the flame will visit all five continents represented by the Olympic rings.
   From Olympia, it will make a seven-day journey through southern Greece and will burn outside the marble Panathenian stadium, site of the first modern games, until 4 June.
   It will then travel to Australia, the whole trip lasting 78 days.
   Gatsioudis will hand the torch to Russian swimmer Alexander Popov, who won two sprint gold medals at the 1992 Olympics, two in 1996 and a silver in 2000.
   Other prominent runners on the first few days include Prince Albert of Monaco, who took part in former Winter Olympics and legendary pole vaulter Sergei Bubka.
   With Athens still struggling to complete dozens of venues ahead of the August 13-29 Games, it is hoped this ceremony will mark an upturn in fortunes.
   "It will most certainly improve the current climate, of course it will," said Greek Olympic Committee chief Lambis Nikolaou.
   High priestess Prokopiou only had to wait a few seconds for the parabolic polished steel mirror, placed in front of the Temple of Hera, to fire up the torch.
   "Apollo, sun god and god of the idea of light, send us your rays to light the torch for Athens," she intoned as the torch burst into flame after just a few moments.
   Organisers will keep a reserve flame in case there are problems lighting the torch.
   (Agencies)
   3月25日，一万多人将聚集到奥林匹亚观看奥运圣火的点燃仪式。
   数百名警察将在古奥运会遗址严阵以待；直升飞机、金属探测器和警犬也将被用来加强圣火点燃仪式的安全保卫工作。
   前世界标枪冠军科斯塔・盖茨欧迪斯将承担今年奥运火炬接力的第一棒。
   奥运圣火将有史以来第一次传遍象征着奥运五环的世界五大洲。
   从奥林匹亚开始，奥运圣火将在七天之内传遍希腊南部，并于6月4日在首届现代奥林匹克运动会的发祥地――大理石建造的巴拿殿尼安体育场外点燃。
   然后，圣火将传递到澳大利亚，整个行程持续78天。
   盖茨欧迪斯将把火炬传递给俄罗斯游泳名将亚历山大・波波夫，他在1992年和1996年的奥运会上分别获得两枚短距离项目的金牌，在2000年奥运会上获得一枚银牌。
   在头几天的火炬接力手中还有其他著名运动员，其中包括曾经参加过冬季奥运会的摩纳哥王子艾伯特和撑杆跳高传奇人物谢尔盖・布勃卡。
   在8月13到19日奥运会正式比赛开始前，雅典仍要建设大量的比赛场馆，希望这次火炬点燃仪式能够带来好运。
   希腊奥组委主席兰比・尼克劳说：“这次火炬点燃仪式肯定会改善目前的状况，这是毫无疑问的。”
   高高在上的女祭司普尔科波只要在赫拉神殿前擦亮的聚光铜镜前稍等片刻，就可以点燃火炬。
   几秒钟后，当火炬喷射出火焰时她会咏唱：“阿波罗，太阳之神，光明之神，用你的光芒点燃雅典的火炬吧。”
   大会组织者将预留一个火种以防点火出现问题。

boost: 推进
sprint: 短距离的
prominent: 卓越的
intone:（以拖长的单调音）吟唱