'At the end of the day' tops cliche list
杜绝陈词滥调 使用简明英语

   At the end of the day, it's the most irritating cliche in the English language. So says the Plain English Campaign which said the abused and overused phrase was first in a poll of most annoying cliches.
   Second place went to "at this moment in time," and third to the constant use of "like," as if it were a form of punctuation.
   "When readers or listeners come across these tired expressions, they start tuning out and completely miss the message - assuming there is one," said Plain English Campaign spokesman John Lister.
   "Using these terms in daily business is about as professional as wearing a novelty tie or having a wacky ring-tone on your phone."
   Lister said people should follow the 1946 advice of writer George Orwell: "Never use a metaphor, simile, or other figure of speech which you are used to seeing in print."
   The Plain English Campaign, which offers annual awards for good use of the language, surveyed its 5,000 supporters in more than 70 countries for the poll.
   Other terms that received multiple nominations included: absolutely; address the issue; around; awesome; basically; bear with me; bottom line; crack troops; glass half full (or half empty); I hear what you're saying; in terms of; it's not rocket science; literally; ongoing; pushing the envelope; the fact of the matter is; to be honest/to be honest with you/to be perfectly honest and touch base.
   Formed in 1979, the Plain English Campaign is an independent group that campaigns against cliches, jargon and obfuscation, particularly in official and public documents.
   英国简明英语组织提出：短语“最后，到头来”是英语中最恼人的陈词滥调，这个被滥用的短语在一项关于最令人讨厌的陈词滥调调查中排名第一。
   排在第二位的是短语“此时此刻”，列第三位的是像标点符号一样被不停使用的单词“像……一样”。
   英国简明英语组织的发言人约翰・李斯特说：“当读者或听众遇到这些令人厌烦的措辞时，他们会开始转移注意力，结果完全漏掉要点――假如有要点的话。”
   “在日常事务中使用这些术语就如同带新奇的领带或使用怪异的电话铃声一样，让人觉得那么不自然。”
   李斯特说人们最好遵循作家乔治・奥威尔1946年提出的建议：“不要使用那些在各种出版物上频繁出现的暗喻、明喻或其他修辞格。”
   英国简明英语组织在70多个国家的5千名支持者中进行了民意调查，该组织每年都为规范使用语言的人颁奖。
   此外，还有一些短语也获得了多项提名，如：“毫无疑问”、“处理问题”、“大约”、“棒极了”、“基本上”、“宽容我一下”、“底线”、“袭击军队”、“半瓶水满，半瓶水空”、“我听到你所说的”、“在……方面”，“这不是什么高深莫测的事”、“从字面上来看”、“正在进行的”、“挑战极限”、“事实是”、“说老实话”和“保持联系”。
   英国简明英语组织成立于1979年，是一个独立机构，专门从事反对使用陈词滥调、行话和含糊不清的词语的活动，特别是那些在官方和公共文件中出现的词语。

irritating: 恼人的
abused: 滥用的
tune out: 转移注意力
novelty: 新奇的、新颖的
wacky: 古怪的
address: 处理
touch base: 保持联系