How do we stop Europe drowning?
气候影响将胜过恐怖主义？

   CLIMATE change is a far greater threat to the world than terrorism and could result in a disaster costing millions of lives, according to a report leaked last week. 　 　　
   目前气候恶化对世界产生的威胁甚至超过恐怖主义，带来的灾难可能使上千万人丧命，这是一篇上周被批露的秘密报告描述的情况。
 　Published in a British newspaper despite attempts by US defence chiefs to cover it up, the report predicts that major European cities will be swallowed up by rising seas within 20 years. By 2010 the US and Europe will experience unpredictable weather changes, which will be a problem for farmers. 　 　　
   尽管美国国防官员极力阻止公开该报告，英国的一家报纸却得以将其公开。报告预言欧洲主要城市将在20年左右的时间里被逐渐上升的海平面所覆盖。截至2010年，美国和欧洲都将遭受难以预计的天气变化，最终给农业带来严重损失。
 　"The climate change could bring the planet to the edge of disaster as countries use nuclear weapons to fight over limited food, drinking water and energy supplies," the report says. 　 　　
   报告声称：“气候变化还会导致食物、淡水和能源资源匮乏，这又会引发核武器大战，从而使我们的星球濒临灾难的边缘。”
 　The study, which was ordered by influential US military adviser Andrew Marshall, suggests that climate change should become an issue of national security rather than just a scientific discussion.  　 　　
   美国著名的安全顾问安德鲁・马歇尔提议了进行这项调查，结果证明气候变化不仅仅是科学界关注的问题，也应该成为国防安全的一个方面。
 　Too late to stop 　 　　
   为时已晚
 　But the authors, Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) adviser Peter Schwartz and Doug Randall of Global Business Network, believe it might already be too late to prevent some disasters. "It could start tomorrow and we would not know for another five years," Randall said. "It's a different kind of security threat because there is no enemy to point your guns at." 　 　　
   然而，该报告的作者，美国中央情报局顾问彼得・施瓦兹和来自全球商业网络公司的道格・兰德尔认为现在采取行动阻止灾难发生为时已晚。“灾难可能明天就来临，但5年之内我们都不可能预测出灾难发生的时间，”兰德尔表示。“这是一种完全不同的安全隐患，因为我们不知道该把枪炮瞄准谁。”
 　The report criticizes the US government's environmental policy, following its refusal to sign the Kyoto Protocol on climate change and its weak response to the dangers of global warning. 　 　　
   报告对美国政府一贯的环境政策提出了批评，包括美国拒绝签署《京都议定书》以及美国政府对国际社会针对环境问题的警示反应冷漠。
 　Last week the Union of Concerned Scientists accused the government of having "misled the public" by misreading scientific facts. 　 　　
   上周有责任感科学家联合会声讨美国政府错误宣布相关科研数据而误导大众。
　 Jeremy Symons, formerly of the Environmental Protection Agency, blamed the Bush administration's close links to the high-powered energy industry for this attitude. 　 　　
   美国环境保护署前职员杰里米・西蒙斯指出其重要原因是，布什政府与美国一些重要的能源和石油公司关系密切。
   (from page 2, 21st Century Teens Senior Edition Issue No.118)