Sony develops paper DVD

   TOKYO (AFP) - Electronics giant Sony and another Japanese company have developed a "paper disc" that can record more than two hours of high-definition images and be destroyed with scissors for foolproof data security, officials said.
   The 25-gigabite Blu-ray optical disc is 51 percent paper and was developed jointly with Toppan Printing Co. Ltd. of Japan.
   "Since a paper disc can be cut by scissors easily, it is simple to preserve data security when disposing of the disc," Toppan managing director Hideaki Kawai said in a joint statement with Sony.
   Masanobu Yamamoto, senior managing director at optical disc development division of Sony, said the firms were able to use paper in the new disc as the Blu-ray technology does not require laser light to travel through the substrate.
   The technical details of how it is possible to use paper as a data storage disc would be disclosed Tuesday at a conference in Monterey, California, according to the statement.
   The combination of paper material and printing technology is also expected to lead to a reduction in cost per disc and will expand usage, the two partners said. It has yet to be undecided when the disc will be commercially available.
   The use of paper in electronics products is not new for Sony.
   In 1950 when Japan was still struggling to rise from the ashes of World War II, Sony, then called Tokyo Tsushin Kogyo, made magnetic tapes using a similar grade of paper to that used for ordinary envelopes.
   Sony used racoon hair brushes to daub magnetic powder over the paper to produce what it cally "SONI TAPE", starting its history as an audio-video products maker.
   The Blu-ray disc format allows high-capacity optical-disc storage to be used for such technologies as high-definition televisions.
   A group of manufacturers was set up in 2002 to promote a common standard for the disc format comprising Dell Inc., Hewlett-Packard, Hitachi, LG Electronics, Matsushita Electronics Industrial, Mitsubishi Electric Corp, Pioneer Corp, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung Electronics, Sharp Corp, Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE - news) (news - web sites) and Thomson.

索尼研发纸制DVD光盘
Mon Apr 19, 4:58 AM ET
   电子业巨头索尼和日本Toppan印刷公司联合研发了一种“纸制DVD光盘”，可以录制长达两个多小时的高清晰度图像，并可以用剪子轻易销毁，因而更能保证数据的安全。纸制光盘以蓝光技术为基础，容量达25GB，其51%的材质为纸张。
   Toppan印刷公司的常务董事Hideaki Kawai在与索尼的联合声明中说：“纸制光盘用剪子就可以方便地销毁，因此在销毁光盘时能够保护数据的安全性。”
   索尼光盘研发部门的高级常务董事Masanobu Yamamoto称，能够将纸作为新光盘的材料是因为，蓝光技术不要求激光穿透光盘片的基板。公司将于4月20日在加州蒙特里市举行的会议上透露将纸用作数据存储光盘材料的技术细节。
   两家公司还表示，将纸和印刷技术相结合还能够降低光盘成本，并使其用途更加广泛。不过这种新型光盘何时得到商业推广还有待确定。将纸用在电子产品中对于索尼并不是第一次。早在1950年，当日本在二战的废墟中重新创业时，当时称作Tsushin Kogyo的索尼就曾用纸制作磁带，纸张质地类似普通的信封纸。索尼使用浣熊毛做成的刷子将磁粉涂抹在纸上，生产出称作“索尼带”的东西，开始了其作为音像产品制造商的历史。
   在蓝光磁盘格式下，高容量光盘存储技术还可以用于高清晰电视等领域。2002年，一些厂家设立了针对磁盘格式的共同标准，这些厂家包括戴尔、惠普、日立、LG 电子、松下电器、三菱电机、先锋、飞利浦电子、三星、夏普、索尼和法国的汤姆逊。