D-Day events show past is not what it used to be
纪念诺曼底登陆六十周年 德国总理施罗德接受邀请

   Sixty years after Allied forces launched their assault on German troops on D-Day, the monumental battle for the Normandy beaches is living up to the historians' maxim that the past isn't what it used to be.
   The anniversary celebrations on June 6 will bring together wartime victors United States and Britain and their former enemy Germany, smaller Allied nations whose soldiers were there on D-Day and a big one whose weren't -- Russia.
   They won't all look back on "the longest day" as mainly a triumph of Allied military might. The Germans now talk about it as the dawn of their liberation from Nazism. Russians tend to rank D-Day below their 1943 victory at Stalingrad.
   But with time moving on and veterans dying off, the daring invasion is settling back into the annals of historical events whose meaning can be moulded in the light of subsequent events.
   French President Jacques Chirac set the tone for the 60th anniversary commemoration in January by saying it would stress "this community of values that unite democracies and transcend yesterday's rivalries" and announced Germany would attend.
   Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder told reporters that it was only right that Germany should take part because it was also liberated from Nazi tyranny thanks to D-Day.
   "This day is much more than victory or defeat," he said. "This invitation shows the post-war period is over and done for good."
   Some US and British veterans' groups have frowned on the invitation, which President Francois Mitterrand could not extend to Chancellor Helmut Kohl for the 50th anniversary in 1994 because it could have offended the ageing survivors.
   在英美盟军登陆诺曼底、发动对德进攻六十年后，这场争夺诺曼底海滩的不朽战役应验了历史学家们的格言：人们对于历史的认识并不是一成不变的。
   6月6日的周年纪念庆典使战胜国英国、美国和它们曾经的敌人德国聚到一起，参加纪念活动的还有曾经在登陆日参与诺曼底登陆的同盟国成员中的小国，以及当时同盟国成员中的大国――俄罗斯，尽管它没有派军队参加诺曼底登陆。
   当他们回想起那“最长的一天”，他们不会都将这看作盟军军事力量的胜利。如今德国人认为那是他们摆脱纳粹主义，获得自由的开始，而俄国人则倾向于诺曼底登陆纪念日的意义不及1943年斯大林格勒战役胜利的意义。
   然而，随着时光流逝，老兵们相继去世，这次大胆的入侵正渐渐成为历史，这类历史事件的意义会在后续事件中逐渐形成。
   今年一月，法国总统雅克・希拉克就为六十周年纪念奠定了基调，他称此次纪念将强调“共同的价值观，它能使民主国家团结在一起，并且超越过去的仇恨”，他还宣布德国也将出席纪念活动。
   德国总理施罗德告诉记者，德国应该参加这次纪念活动，因为也正是诺曼底登陆的胜利使德国从纳粹暴政中获得了解放。
   他说：“这一天的意义远不止胜利或失败。这次邀请德国参加纪念活动意味着战后（敌对）时期结束了，永远结束了。”
   一些美国和英国老兵组成的团体并不赞成此次邀请，这也是1994年五十周年纪念时，法国前总统弗朗索瓦・密特朗没能邀请德国前总理赫尔穆特・科尔参加的原因，因为那会得罪那些年老的幸存者。

D-Day: 诺曼底登陆日（代号D日）
live up to: 符合，不辜负（期望等）
annals: 历史记载，史册
in the light of: 按照，根据