Olympic athletes turning to science to stay cool
雅典奥运会酷热难熬 运动员科学降温

   It will be hot - hot enough that most locals will have cleared town for cooler havens. But because athletes competing at the 2004 Olympics have no choice but to stay in the sweltering weather, many plan to turn to science to stay cool.
   Some will wear vests filled with chilled gel, others will dunk their hands in icewater just before competing and nearly all will be wearing fabrics designed with hot weather in mind.
   "Normally we warm up before exercise," said Gordon Sleivert, director of sports science and medicine at the Canadian Sport Center in Victoria, British Columbia. "But in this case we're taking the warm out of warm up. It's like pre-cooling."
   Battling heat this summer in Athens could prove as critical a focus as beating record times.
   Meteorologists are predicting the average high this August in Athens will be 90 degrees Fahrenheit, with temperatures often reaching above 100 (the average temperature in Sidney for the 2000 summer games was 64).
   Humidity will also be a factor, averaging at 41 percent. Although some events, such as the marathon, will start early (7 a.m.) to avoid hot weather, other competitors will be pushing their limits during peak temperatures.
   In hot weather, more blood is sent to the skin for cooling so less blood flows to your muscles. This means the heart must beat faster to keep up the pace. By some estimates, as much as 75 percent of the body's energy is used to regulate heat when temperatures peak and only 25 percent to power muscles.
   Drinking lots of water will help athletes maintain their cool, but humidity remains a problem. The body's ability to cool down is impaired by damp air since sweat drips off the skin rather than evaporates, resulting in dehydration without the cooling.
   "When the air temperature is hotter than the skin temperature, our ability to dissipate heat from the body is impaired," said Sleivert. "Getting hot is a real problem because when our brain heats up, the brain waves are more like when you're really sleepy. Everything feels harder."
   天气会很热――热到大多数当地居民都要离开小镇到凉快点的地方去避暑。但是参加2004年奥运会的运动员们却别无选择，他们不得不忍受酷热的天气，因此很多人计划借助科学手段来保持凉爽。
   有些人将会穿上充满冰胶的背心，还有的人在比赛前会把手浸在冰水里，几乎所有人都会穿上为抵挡炎热天气而设计的布料。
  “通常，我们在训练之前热身，但在这种情况下，我们的热身运动是消耗热量，就像‘预冷’。”加拿大体育中心（位于加拿大不列颠哥伦比亚省省会维多利亚）运动科学和医学研究负责人戈登・司莱文特说。
   今年夏天运动员们在雅典与炎热展开的抗争结果将会像打破世界记录一样成为关注的焦点。
   气象学家预测，今年8月雅典的平均最高温度将达到华氏90度，而且温度会经常超过100度。(2000年夏季奥运会时，悉尼的平均温度是64度。)
   湿度将成为另一个因素，平均湿度将达到41%。尽管为了避开炎热的天气，有的项目如马拉松会在早上七点开始，但是其他项目的运动员将在最高温度下挑战自己的极限。
   在炎热的天气下，皮肤需要更多的血液来降温，因此供给肌肉的血液就减少了。这意味着心跳必须加快才能保证血液供应。据估计，当温度达到最高时，人体有75%的能量被用来调节体温，而只有25%用来为肌肉提供动力。
   大量饮水有助于运动员保持凉爽，但无法解决湿度问题。潮湿的空气会削弱人体的降温能力，因为汗水会从皮肤上滴下来，而不是蒸发掉，这样不但没降温，还会导致人体脱水。
   “当气温高于皮肤的温度时，我们驱散身体热量的能力就被削弱了。炎热的天气确实是一个问题，因为当我们的大脑变热时，脑电波的状态就会跟困倦欲睡时差不多，一切都会更加困难，”司莱文特说。

sweltering: 闷热的
turn to: 求助于
warm up: 热身
meteorologist: 气象学家