IELTS复习要点
一、IELTS Preparation hints 
Skills for the Listening Module
Skills for the Reading Module
Skills for the Writing Module
Skills for the Speaking Module
The following study hints will help you in the weeks leading up to the IELTS. 
　　Become familiar with the test as early as possible. The skills being tested in the IELTS take a period of time to build up. Cramming is not an effective study technique for IELTS. Use your study time efficiently. Study when you are fresh and, after you have planned a timetable, make sure that you keep to it. Set goals and ensure that you have adequate breaks. In the IELTS test, each of the four Band Modules D Listening, Reading, Writing and Speaking D carries the same weight. Study each skill carefully and spend more time on the skills in which you feel you are weak. Be aware of the exact procedure for the test. Be very clear on the order of each section, its length and the specific question types. There are many resources available to help you practice these skills. Having a study partner or a study group is an excellent idea. Other students may raise issues that you may not have considered. Seek help from teachers, friends and native English speakers. Countdown to the test
Days before the test
　　This is not a time for intensive study. It is a time to review skills and your test technique. It is important to exercise, eat, rest and sleep well during the week in which you will take the test.
　　Leave nothing to chance. If you do not know how to get to the test centre, try going there at a similar time one or two weeks before the real test.
The night before the test
　　You must have a good dinner and go to bed at your normal time D not too early and not too late, as you do not want to disrupt your sleep pattern if possible.
　　Have everything ready that you need to take with you to the test so you can simply pick it up in the morning, for example, the test registration form, passport, test number, pens, pencils, erasers, etc. A pen that runs dry or a pencil that breaks can take several minutes to replace. Check before the exam exactly what articles you need. Set your alarm clock the night before or arrange a wake-up call.
On the morning of the test
　　Eat a good breakfast. You will have several hours of concentration ahead of you and you will need food and drink in the morning. You may even want to bring more food or a snack with you, especially if your speaking test is at a later time that day. You cannot, however, take food or drink into the exam room. If possible, wear a watch in case you cannot see the clock in the exam room. It is essential that you keep track of time.
　　Give yourself plenty of time to get to the test centre. You will be required to complete a registration form and to show your passport before you enter the examination room so you must arrive at the time specified by your test centre. If you are early, you could go for a walk. If you are late, you will not be allowed to enter. Avoid the added tension of having to rush.
During the test
　　Most students at the test will feel nervous. This is quite normal. In fact, it can actually be quite helpful in terms of motivation. It may make you alert and help you to focus. The aim is for you to try to perform at your optimum level.
　　In contrast, high levels of anxiety can affect a student's performance. However, much of this anxiety can be overcome by good preparation, familiarity with test details and a positive attitude.
　　The examination room should be suitable for testing, that is, the lighting, ventilation and temperature should be appropriate. If you are uncomfortable because of any of these factors or if there is some other problem, such as not being able to hear the recording of the Listening Module, make sure you ask the person in charge to do something about it. For example, you may ask to change seats.
Examination technique
　　By using good examination technique you could help to improve your overall score for the IELTS test.
　　Remember that every section is marked independently. Do not jeopardise your performance in one section just because you believe that you have done badly in another. Do not underestimate or try to predict your outcome. You may, in fact, have done better than you imagined.
　　Focus on what you know rather than on what you don't know while you are doing the test.
　　Ensure that you adhere to the times suggested as they usually correspond to the number of marks given for a particular question.
　　In the Listening and Reading Modules, it is a good idea to write down an answer, even if you are not sure of it, before moving on to the next question. Many students intend to return to the answers they have omitted at the end of the test but do not have enough time to do so. Furthermore, by writing your best answer at the actual time of reading the question, you save the time you need to spend again on re-reading the question and re-acquainting yourself with the subject matter. If you are not confident about your answer, mark it in some way and return to it at the end.
Do not leave any answers blank.You are not penalised for incorrect answers, so 'guess' wisely.
Skills for the Listening Module
　　In the IELTS Listening Module, the recording is played once only. You must, therefore, use a number of strategies to help you listen closely. There are a few main skills you will need to do well in the IELTS Listening Module:
Understanding the instructions
　　Instructions are both written on the question paper and spoken on the tape. Read and listen to every word in the instructions very carefully. Ensure that you follow them exactly and answer in the correct way.
Previewing and predicting
An announcer will briefly outline: 
　　１。the topic 　　２。who is talking 　　３。the situation. 　　Try to listen carefully as this will help you to preview the questions. 
　　Before the recording begins for each section, you will be given up to 30 seconds to read and become familiar with the questions. Use this time efficiently so that you can prepare yourself to listen for the information you need.
Here are some hints for previewing and prdicting: 
　　１。Study the question carefully and try to predict what type of answer is required. For example, will it be a date, a name or maybe a number? 　２。Check the differences between similar-looking pictures or diagrams. 　３。Look for minor details such as different numbers or omissions. 
　　 In addition to the 30 seconds before each section, you will also be given 30 seconds after each section to look over your answers. If you are satisfied with your answers in the section you have just finished, move on to the next section and use the full 60 seconds for previewing.
Listening for specific information
　　Use of previewing and predicting skills will help you listen for the specific information you need to answer the questions in the Listening Module. Listening for key words and common connective words often helps to signal the specific information that you need in order to answer the question. Make sure that, while you are actually writing your answers, you continue to listen to the information given in the recordings as there will not be a second opportunity to hear it.
Checking and rewriting
　　You are given about 30 seconds after each section to check your answers. Check that all your answers correspond with the given instructions.
　　Make sure that you have answered every question. Marks are not deducted for incorrect answers so, if you are unsure of a particular answer, you should guess by writing down what you think is the most likely answer.
Check that you have included only what is necessary in the answer.
　　At the end of the Listening Module, you are given about 10 minutes to transfer your answers from the question paper onto the answer sheet. Scan your answers to ensure that you have transferred them correctly so that the number on the question paper corresponds with the number on the answer sheet. Be especially careful when transferring answers from tables as sometimes the items are not linearly ordered.
Skills for the Reading Module
　　One of the main difficulties experienced by students doing the Reading Module is not having enough time to complete the test. It is, therefore, essential to read both efficiently and effectively.
　　There are a few main skills that you will need in order to do well in the IELTS Reading Module. It is useful to use the following procedure for each text that is given.
Previewing (about 2 minutes for each passage)
(a) Study the passage by noting: 
　１。titles 　２。headings 　３。illustrations 　４。iagrams any print in bold type or italics. (b) Study key parts of the passage by skimming. Read the first paragraph which often focuses on the main idea. The first sentence of each paragraph usually expresses the key points of the paragraph. Generally, the concluding paragraph provides a summary of the given passage. You may wish to highlight these with a pen.
Interpreting the instructions and questions (about 2 minutes)
　　Read each word in the instructions carefully and ensure that you understand exactly what is required and in what form. For example, the instructions may say, 'Choose no more than three words from the passage for each answer'. In this situation, it would not be acceptable to write four or more words. Often students find the right answer but present it in the wrong form and, unfortunately, do not score any marks for that answer. Understanding what is required, therefore, is just as important as finding the right answer in the passage.
　　When you are looking at the questions, you need to recognise: 
１。what type of question you have to answer (is it gap-filling, multiple choice, matching information, etc?) 　　２。whether or not the question requires a specific or general answer 　　３。what form the answer should take (is it a number, date, reason, etc?) 
Scanning the text for specific answers (about 1 minute per question)
　　Use your time wisely. Spend no longer than one minute on finding each answer. Only look in the given text, table, diagram or graph for the answer required. Locate key words in the question and find them, or synonyms for them, in the text. The sentences around these words are most likely to contain the answers you need.
　　If you are still unsure of the answer after you have spent approximately one minute on the question, make a sensible guess in the appropriate form. You may wish to mark the answers you are unsure of in some way so that, if you do have time at the end of the Reading Module, you can check these answers again.
Checking your answers (about 3 minutes)
　　After you have completed your answers for each section, you need to check them. Check that you have followed the instructions exactly. If you have time, return to the answers you marked because you were unsure and see if the answers you have given are the best ones.
　　Do not leave any answers blank as you do not lose marks for incorrect answers.
Helpful hints for the Practice Reading Module
　１。There may be some words in the passage with which you are unfamiliar. Use the strategies explained in the section, 'Working out unfamiliar vocabulary' to help you work out the meanings of these words. 　２。Be aware of the use of connective words. These will help you with the general meaning of the text. If you are unsure of any answers, check the table of common connective words. 　３。Note if there is a glossary accompanying the passage. Follow the instructions carefully. A correct response will be marked wrong if it is written in the wrong form. 
Working out unfamiliar vocabulary
　　When reading a passage in the IELTS test, it is most likely that you will come across words with which you are unfamiliar. Be prepared for this. You may not need to understand the exact meaning of an unknown word, unless there is a question directly related to it.
　　If you do need to know the meaning of an unfamiliar word, don't panic. There are various strategies that you can use to work out the meaning of the unknown words.
Check the context
　　Are there any clues in the surrounding words or phrases? Look particularly at the words just before and just after the unfamiliar words.
Look for a definition
　　Sometimes the writers realise that the word is an uncommon one so they define, restate, explain or give an example of it. Words that signal meaning often include 'is', 'means', 'refers to', 'that is', 'consists of'. For example, 'Snoring is a noise generated by vibrations of the soft parts of the throat during sleep.' The word 'is' signals a definition.
　　Remember, too, to check if there is a glossary.
　　Identify the word's place and purpose
　　Is it a noun, adjective, verb or adverb in the sentence? Are there any punctuation clues, for example, semicolons or question marks?
Look for connective words
　　They are often near the unknown words and will usually help to identify the general direction of the argument which will help to give some understanding of the unknown word.
　　　Break the word down into syllables
　　Sometimes knowledge of common roots, affixes and possible similarity of words in your own language can help you to identify the meaning.
　　Treat the unknown word as an algebraic entity 'X'
　　Observe the relationship of the unknown word,'X', to other words and concepts with which you are more familiar. Often this is enough to answer questions that include'X'.
二、Skills for the Writing Module
TASK ONE
　　In Task 1 of the Writing Module, you are given about 20 minutes to write a minimum of 150 words.You are asked to look at a diagram, table, graph or short piece of text and describe the information in your own words. There are three important steps you should follow: preparation, writing and editing. These steps will help you to write a coherent and well organised essay in the time given.
Preparation (about 2 minutes)
　　You need to spend 2-3 minutes working out exactly what you are going to do. You should pay attention to the following points: 
　　１。Study the question carefully. Most Task 1 writing involves writing a report which describes some information given. You may wish to note the instructions with a high-lighting pen. ２。Think carefully about the topic. Outline some pertinent points. ３。Ensure that your ideas are arranged logically. 　
Writing (about 15 minutes)
When writing a Task 1 report, include: 
　　１。introductory sentence ２。body paragraphs (1-3) 　　３。concluding sentence (optional) 
Introductory sentence
The introductory sentence explains what you are describing, for example:
'The table compares the population growth and interstate migration in each Australian state for 12 months to the end of 1994.'
'The graph shows the growth of computers in Australia between 1975 and 1995.'
'The pie chart represents the proportion of gases contained in natural gas.'
Body paragraphs
　　hen discussing the date presented in the task, identify significant trends and give examples that relate directly to the given information to support your statements. If you are explaining a process or an object and how it works, you need to group your information so that it follows a definite logical order.
　　Remember that the use of verbs expressed in the present passive voice is often appropriate when giving a description of a process or procedure, for example:
'Coffee beans are pulped to remove their casing. They are then soaked in water, rinsed thoroughly and dried. After the beans are sorted, they are roasted in a kiln and blended. Next, they are packed and dispatched to shops and supermarkets.'
Concluding sentence (optional)
A simple concluding statement could include any of the following, where relevant: 
　１。significant comments 　２。a potential solution 　３。an overall summary of the ideas 　４。future implications. 　
Editing (about 2 minutes)
　　Make sure that you have followed the instructions carefully. Be sure that you have written what you intended and that no important ideas are missing.
　　In the last few minutes, check for obvious errors, such as spelling or grammatical errors.
TASK TWO
　　All too often students begin planning or even writing their answers in the IELTS Writing Module before they understand what is actually expected of them. Following the steps below will help you to plan a well-structured and coherent essay or report that addresses the given task.
Preparation
　　You may wish to spend about 5-7 minutes working out exactly what you are going to do. There are five steps to consider. 
　１。Study the question carefully. Most task statements or questions have a key instructional word or words telling you what to do. Note these words with a highlighting pen. There are also key topic words which point to the most important parts of the question. Underline those words too. Ask yourself how the key words relate to the given instruction. 
　２。Think carefully about the topic. How do you feel about it? Establish a point of view and list some points for development. The answer normally takes the form of a short essay. The word 'essay' comes from an old French word essai which meant 'to attempt or try out', or 'to test'. In an IELTS Writing Module Task 2 answer, your purpose is to develop your point of view in a convincing way. 　３。Decide which points will be written as topic sentences. Think about how they will develop into paragraphs. 　４。Ensure that your points are arranged in a logical order. 　
Writing
When you are writing a Task 2 answer, a structure based on the following elements could be used (summarised in the flow chart opposite).
Introductory paragraph
　　The introduction of a Task 2 answer should begin with a general statement or idea of your own that takes into account the key topic words or their synonyms. The last sentence of the introduction should include a thesis statement which shows the point of view or direction that will be taken in the answer.
Body paragraphs
　　Body paragraphs each consist of several sentences that are arranged in a logical way to develop a main idea. You can expect to write about 2-4 body paragraphs for a Task 2 answer. Each of these contains an appropriate connective word to ensure a smooth transition between paragraphs. This connective is then put in a topic sentence which is the main point of the paragraph clearly stated in a sentence. Every sentence in the paragraph must be directly related to it. Try to develop every paragraph adequately. This may be done through the use of examples, explanations, detail, logical inference, cause and effect or making comparisons or contrasts. There are many different ways to organise your ideas for body paragraphs. Be confident of the ideas you choose.
The conclusion
A good conclusion serves several purposes: 
　１。It indicates the end of your essay. 　２。It gives your final thoughts and assessments on the essay subject. 　３。It weighs up the points in your essay and should strengthen your thesis statement. 　４。Do not simply repeat your opening paragraph. This appears too mechanical and superficial. 　
INTRODUCTION
General statement Thesis statement 
BODY PARAGRAPH 1
Topic sentence including connective word First supporting sentence Second supporting sentence Third supporting sentence 
BODY PARAGRAPH 2 
BODY PARAGRAPH 3 
FURTHER BODY PARAGRAPHS
CONCLUSION
Final assessment with concluding connective 
Editing (about 3-5 minutes)
　　In the last few minutes, you should check for obvious errors, such as spelling or grammatical errors. Be sure you have written what you intended and that there are no important ideas missing.
　　Study the checklist for editing. It lists points to think about when checking your essay. Become familiar with the list so that you will know what to check for in the actual IELTS Writing Module.
Checklist for editing
1. D I have used accurate grammatical structures, for example, consistent verb tenses, subject-verb agreement, accurate word formation (especially of nouns, verb and adjectives) and appropriate use of 'a' and 'the' as well as prepositions.
2. D I have used a range of sentence structures.
3. D I have used appropriate vocabulary.
4. D I have used accurate spelling.
5. D I have stated the main idea for each paragraph in a topic sentence and all the points are related to this topic.
6. D I have used connective words effectively to link ideas so that the thoughts move logically and clearly from sentence to sentence and paragraph to paragraph.
7. D I have developed each paragraph adequately.
8. D I have supplied enough detailed information and sufficient examples or facts.
9. D I have developed a definite point of view.
10.D Every paragraph that I have written has definitely helped to address the task.