2001年在职攻读硕士学位全国联考教育硕士英语一试题册
考生须知
1.本试题的答案必须填写在规定的答题卡和答题纸上，写在试题册上不给分。
2.第1题至第50题的答案须用2B铅笔填涂在答题卡上，第51题至55题的答案以及第Ⅲ和第Ⅳ部分的答案须用蓝、黑色钢笔或圆珠笔写在答题纸上。用其他颜色笔不给分。
3.选择题答案选出后，请用2B铅笔在答题卡相应的选项上划一横线，如：[A][B][C][D]。划线要粗，要有一定浓度。修改时，必须用橡皮擦净后，再填涂其它选项。
4.本考试时间为3小时。

Part I Structure and Vocabulary
Section A
Directions: Beneath each of the following sentences, there are four choices marked A, B, C,
and D. Read each sentence carefully and then choose one that best completes the sentence.
Mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET I by drawing a single bar across the corresponding
letter in the square bracket. (10 points)

1. It C . that Mary, no less than Jenny and Jane, really diligent and perseverant in doing
anything.
A. says ... is B. Said ... are
C. is said ... is D. is said ... are

2. The tooth that is being extracted by the dentist me for some time.
A. has hurt .B. has been hurting
C. is hurting D. hurts

3. I suppose Jack is as Johnson.
A. as wealthy a man B. so wealthy
C. as a wealthy D. a man so wealthy

4. I studied Spanish for four years in high school. , I had trouble talking with people when
I was travelling in Spain.
A. Nevertheless B. Therefore C. Moreover D. On the other hand

5. The Blacks wasted a lot of food at the party last week. They so much food.
A. didn't need to prepare B. mustn't have prepared
C. needn't have prepared D. couldn't have prepared

6.it has provided is professional advice to help entrepreneurs get on their feet, to stay
on the ri 8. 49. popularght course, and to help them grow.
A. That B. Which C. What D. While

7. Jerry continued to a promotion even though he had necessary qualifications.
A. have denied B. be denied C. deny D. be denying

8.How unlucky I was in the table-tennis game yesterday! I was close but I lost it at last
because of my tiredness.
A. to win B. winning C. to winning D. for winning

9. I would never have encouraged you to go into this field it would be so stressful for
you.
A. should I know B. and I had known
C. but I knew D. had I known

10. The headmaster persisted in punishing the boy and in no case _ _ change his mind.
A. he would B. he were to C. would he D. were he to

Section B
    Directions: Beneath each of the following sentences, there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Read each sentence carefully and then choose the one that best completes the sentence or is closest in meaning to the underlined word in the sentence. Mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET I by drawing a single bar across the corresponding letter in the square bracket. (10 points)

11. Open book exams are usually given when your teacher is interested in evaluating how well you can what you have learned.
A. remember B. apply C. recite D. memorize

12. Experts. the present teaching situation to the examination-oriented education
system.
A. attach B. appoint C. attribute D. admit

13. I hear that all residents will have easy to a variety of recreational facilities.
A. touch B. resolutions C. access D. progress

14. Despite our , Eva approached the stranger for directons.
A. intentions B. encouragement
C. warnings D. attempts

15. For centuries, malnutrition has been in the drought-stricken areas of Africa.
A. ample B. prevailing C. plentiful D.popular

16. The organizers knew that the new measure would barely the balance of supply and demand.
A. return B. reply C. restore D. rescue

17. No matter how hard he studied, his grades stayed at the of 2.5.
A. point B. norm C. mean D. medium

18. Human survival is a result of mutual assistance, since people are essentially rather than
A. superior ... inferior B. cooperative ... competitive
C. physical ... mental D. dependent ... offensive

19. No doubt they will achieve their targets.
A. receive B. enjoy C. admit D. meet

20. The finals of the first world Xiang Qi challenge __ in Beijing on June 9 this year, which the country's 32 top Chinese chess masters
A. kicked off.., joined in B, kicked back ... joined
C. kicked down ... took part D. kicked in ... participated in

21. If a scene is likely to be offensive to the average person, then you may shorten or delete that scene.
A. decrease B. omit C. replace D. darken

22. The grant is normally one year in duration. Sometimes a renewal is awarded in order to allow a scholar to complete his initial project,
A. financial aid B. academic research
C. scientific experiment D. technical innovation

23. In France expensive diagnostic tests have become routine for many illnesses.
A. method B. custom C. principle D. convention

24. The company has a(n) sophisticated computer system which can display a customer bill at
A. new B. advanced C. wise D. transparent

25. Li Ming having failed in the test of GRE, his prospect of studying abroad is discouraging.
A. future B. expectation C. advantage D. chance

26. This is an important meeting; no one should have without permision.
A. consent B. authority C. agreement 4X-promise

27. The library has got rid of all its old magazines. What a pity!
A. collected B. discarded C. tolerated D. transported

28. The design of wildlife refuges is still a matter of considerable controversy.
A. significance B. debate C. urgency D. concern

29. Aside from news and current affairs, I hardly watch any TV programme.
A. Except for B. New that C.As a result of D. In addition to

30. The timid pupils dared not express the_msetve.s at the meeting about the poor services at the school dining hall.
A. speak out B. speak of C. speak ill D. speak well

Part II Reading Comprehension
Directions: The passages below are followed by some multiple-choice questions or short answer questions. For each of the multiple-choice questions there are four choices marked A, B, C and D. Please choose the best answer to each of the questions and then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET I by drawing a single bar across the corresponding letter in the square bracket. For the short answer questions, please write a short answer to each of the given questions on ANSWER SHEET II. (50 points)

Passage 1
    What makes Americans spend nearly half their food dollars on meals away from home? The answers lie in the way Americans live today. During the first few decades of the twentieth century, canned and other convenience foods freed the family cook from full-time duty at the kitchen range. Then, in the 1940s, work in the wartime defense plants took more women out of the home than ever before, setting the pattern of the working wife and mother.
    Today about half of the country's married women are employed outside the home. But, unless family members pitch in with food preparation, women are not fully liberated from that chore. Instead, many have become, in a sense, prisoners of the completely cooked conveniencemeals. It's easier to pick up a bucket of fried chicken on the way home from work or take thefamily out for pizzas or burgers than to start opening cans or heating up frozen dinners after along, hard day.
    Also, the rising divorce rate means that there are more single working parents withchildren to feed. And many young adults and elderly people, as well as unmarried and divorcedmature people, hve alone rather than as part of a family unit and don't want to bother cookingfor one.
    Fast food is appealing because it is fast, it doesn't require any dressing up, it offers a"fun" break in the daily routine, and the outlay of money seems small. It can be eaten in thecar -- sometimes picked up at a drive-in window without even getting out -- or on the run.Even if it is brought home to eat, there will never be any dirty dishes to wash because of thehandy disposable wrappings. Children, especially, love fast food because it's finger food, nostruggling with knives and forks, no annoying instructions from adults about table manner.

31. Americans enjoy fast food mainly because __
A. it can be eaten in the car
B. it is much more tasty than home-made food
C. one only uses his fingers while eating it
D.it is time-saving and convenient

32. It can be inferred that children __
A. want to have more freedom at table
B. never wash dishes after each meal
C. are good at using forks and knives while eating
D.take eating time as a fun break

33. Many Americans are eating out and not cooking at home partially because
A. they want to make a change after eating the same food for years at home
B. the food made outside home tastes better than food cooked at home
C. many of them live alone or don't like taking trouble to cook
D. American women refuse to cook at home due to women's liberation movement

34. According to the text, a drive-in window is a __
A. car window from which you can see the driver
B. window in the restaurant from which you get your takeout in the car
C. place where you check the mechanic condition of your car
D. entrance where you return the used plates after eating

35. The expression "pitch in with" in paragraph two probably means
A. complain B. enjoy C. help D. deny

Passage 2
    Just 30 years ago some 700 million people lived in cities. Today the number stands at1,800 million, and by the end of the century it will top 3,000 million--more than half theworld's estimated population.
    The flood of 'urbanites' is swallowing not the richest countries, but the poorest. By theyear 2000 an estimated 650 million people will crowd into 60 cities of five million or morewthree-quarters of them in the developing world. Only a single city in developed countries--Tokyo, which will have 24 million people--is expected to be among the global top five;London, ranked second in 1950 with ten million people, will not even make 2000's top 25. In places where rates of natural population increase exceed three per cent annuallywmeaning much of the developing countries--that alone is enough to double a city's populationwithin 20 years. But equally powerful are the streams of hopeful migrants from the countryside.More often than not, even the most horrible urban living conditions are an improvement onwhatever the migrants have left behind.
    What confronts and shocks urban planners is the serious effect of these trends. Therehave never been cities 'of 30 million people, let alone ones dependent on roads, sewer and watersupplies barely adequate for urban areas a tenth that size.
    The great urban industrial growth of Europe and America in the nineteenth and twentiethcenturies sustained the cities that it helped produce. But in today's swelling cities, indeveloping countries, the flood of new arrivals far outstrips the supply of jobs--particularly asmodern industries put much value on technology rather than manpower. So it will be virtuallyimpossible to find permanent employment for 30 to 40 per cent of the 1,000 million new cityresidents.

36. The word "urbanites" in the second paragraph is closest in meaning to __
A. urban planners B. city residents
C. big cities D. city job hunters

37. In the author's opinion, the sharp increase in a city's population is the result of __
A. the high birth rate in the cities of those countries
B. the streams of migrants moving from the countryside to the city
C. the improvement in the urbanliving conditions
    D. both A and B

38. It is implied in the passage that
A. urban planners should be criticized
B. great difficulties will arise if a city is overpopulated
C. an ideal city had better have a population of only 3 million
D. 13 million is a bad number for city planners

39. Which of the following statements is NOT true?
A. Urban industrial growth helped to give rise to cities.
B. The great urban industrial growth failed to provide enough food for the cities.
C. Technology is more important to modem industries than manpower.
D. Many of the new city residents will find no permanent employment.

40. The best title for the passage could be
A. Problems of Big Cities B. Advantages of Big Cities
C. Solutions to City Problems D. A Plan for Big Cities

Passage 3
    The idea of test-tube babies may make you either delighted at the wonders of modem medicine or irritated while considering the moral, or legal, or technological implications of starting life in a laboratory. But if you've ever been pregnant yourself, one thing is certain: You wonder what it's like to carry a test-tube baby. Are these pregnancies normal? Are the babies normal?
    The earliest answers come from Australia, where a group of medical experts at the Queen Victoria Medical Center in Melbourne have taken a look at the continent's first nine successful ' in vitro pregnancies. The Australians report that the pregnancies themselves seemed to proceed according to plan, but at birth some unusual trends did show up. Seven of the nine babies turned out to be girls. Six of the nine were delivered by Caesarean section ( 剖腹产手术 ) . Andone baby, a twin, was born with a serious heart defect and a few days later developed life-threatening problems.
    What does it all mean? Even the doctors don't know for sure, because the numbers are sosmall. The proportion of girls to boys is high, but until there are many more test-tube babies noone will know whether that's something that just happened to be like that or something specialthat happens when egg meets sperm in a test tube instead of a Fallopian tube. The same thing istrue of the single heart defect; it usually shows up in only 15 out of 60,000 births in that part of Australia, but the fact that it occurred in one out of nine test-tube babies does not necessarilymean that they are at special risk. One thing the doctors can explain is the high number of Caesareans. Most of the mothers were older, had long histories of fertility problems and in some cases had had surgery on the fallopian tubes, all of which made them likely candidates forCaesareans anyway.
    The Australian researchers report that they are quite encouraged. All the babies are nowmaking normal progress even the twin with the birth defects.

41. What would people be most concerned about according to the author?
A. Whether the test-tube babies would be legally accepted by society.
B. Whether the test-tube babies would be normal from pregnancy to birth.
C. Whether modern medicine is advanced enough for test-tube babies' delivery.
D. Whether there would be always more girls than boys out of the test-tube babies.

42. what does the Latin word "in vitro"(paragraph two) most probably mean?
A. normal B. test-tube C. virtual D. Fallopian tube

43. The Australian experiment of the test-tube babies has the following unusual trends except that
A. most of the babies are girls
B. most of the babies are delivered by means of surgical operations
C. there is a serious heart disease case
D. the babies do not appear to be normal

44. Which of the following explanations regarding the high number of Caesarean operations is NOT true?
A. Some mothers have passed the best age for a natural delivery.
B. Some mothers have physical problems with pregnancy.
C. Some mothers volunteer to be the candidates of the Caesarean operations.
D. Some mothers have had surgical operations on the fallopian tubes.

45. What is the author's attitude toward the idea of test-tube babies?
A. optimistic B. pessimistic C. delighted D. irritated

Passage 4
    Videodisc holds great promise of helping to meet the needs of American schoolchildren whohave problems seeing, hearing, speaking, or socializing. Almost eleven percent of the studentsaged 3-21 in this country have an impairment that affects their ability to benefit from a regulareducation program. Handicapped students require special education because they are oftenmarkedly different from most children in one or more of the following ways: mentally retarded,learning-disabled, emotionally disturbed, deaf, visually handicapped, physically handicapped,or other health impairments.
    The education of these handicapped children is rewarding but challenging. A special education student usually needs a longer period of time to acquire information, repetitive teaching techniques are often beneficial, and an indefatigable consistency on the part of the teacher is frequently necessary.
    Interactive videodisc courseware has characteristics that can be capitalized upon to meet the challenges that special education poses. A videodisc program is infinitely patient, repetition of any videodisc lesson can continue endlessly, and designers can assure absolute consistency within a program.
    Most important, according to special educator William Healey of the University of Arizona, is that videodisc "adds an extra dimension of realism for children who need graphic representations." Healey explained that deaf and mentally retarded children especially have difficulty grasping figurative language and higher order language concepts. He believes that for special education, the power of videodisc lies in the ability of the technology to visually represent language concepts normally taken for granted by non-handicapped persons. Complex figurative language forms such as idioms and metaphors (暗喻) come most readily to mind as being difficult for handicapped learners, but basic concepts such as are also difficult for children not experienced with the slight differences in language.

46. The special education mentioned in the text is mainly concerned with
A. genius students from day care centers to colleges
B. students who are fond of computer video games
C. teachers of language in the University of Arizona
D. students who are either mentally or physically disabled

47. A videodisc courseware is beneficial to those who have study difficulties because _
A. its fancy design is very attractive
B. it allows the user to go back to where he wants to restudy
C. the content of it is healthy and promising
D. it is developed by university professors

48. According to Professor Healey we may infer that mentally retarded children perhaps
A. need graphic representations in order to understand higher order language concepts
B. are good at study English idioms but often fail to grasp higher order language concepts
C.are not very patient with videodisec videodisc which helps them to understand the world concepts
D. tend to be deaf as well and have difficulty in learning the simple concept "before and after"

49.The best phrase that summarizes the main idea of the text is
A. handicapped students and their problems
B. videodisc and special education
C. computer assisted teaching programs
D. normal children and handicapped kids

50.The word "impairment "in the fa'st paragraph probably means
A. habit B. disability -G: misconception D. belief

Passage 5
    Why do men have to pay for brides in some cultures, while in others women must havedowries in order to marry?
    The price a man must pay for a wife varies form culture to culture. In East Africansocieties where cattle are the primary currency, a bride can be worth anywhere from 5 to 50cows, depending on the particular society and its resources. Men elsewhere trade pigs, goats,shells, metal tools, such as axes and knives, or money for wives. These payments called thebride-price, or bride-wealth, are given to the bride's male relatives by the groom and his malerelatives.
    In many societies where the bride brings dowry to the marriage, however, 'there is noexchange of wealth between families; the wife's dowry--land, household furnishings orjewelry--typically remains her own property.
    It seems then, that men buy wives but women don't buy husbands. Why is this? And whatis it that makes some women worth more than others?
    In about half the societies studied by anthropologists, men must pay for wives. These aregenerally patrilineal  societies, where wealth is passed down from father to son. Bride-price, also called bride-wealth, does not occur as often in matrilineal societies, and men pass ontheir wealth to their sisters' sons.
    Are women worth less in these societies? "There is no human society in which women arenot considered valuable," says the University of Washington anthropologist, Pierre van denBerghe, "They are the only means available to the male for passing on his genes."
    The men in a patrilineal society are willing to pay a very high price for nubile (可以结婚的) virgins (处女). "With the bride-wealth, you purchase a woman's future fertility," says vanden Berghe. If a woman already has children, she may command less bride-wealth, and if sheturns out to be infertile, her family returns the husband's payment. Some anthropologists thinkbride-wealth should really be called child-wealth.
    Give short answers to the following questions and then write your answers on Answer Sheet IL.

51.What is the passage mainly about?
52. In which society may a woman not necessarily receive bride-price?
53.Why should a man intending a marriage pay his bride-price in a patrilineal society?
54.What will the bride's male relatives get in some society?
55. How is a woman's bride-wealth paid in a parilineal society under different circumstances?

Part III English-Chinese Translation
Directions: Read the following passage carefully and then translate it into Chinese. You should write your translation clearly on ANAWER SHEET II. (15 points)
    The World Bank was established toward the end of World WarIIas a new international financial organization to provide long-term finance in the difficult postwar period which lay ahead. The Bank came into operation in June 1946 with a membership of 44 countries. By April 1962 membership had risen to 75, and 15 other countries were applicants, most of which newly independent African nations.
    The Bank's first group of loans were made in 1947 to aid postwar reconstruction in Western Europe. The Bank then turned to lending, to assist the economic growth of the less developed countries df the world. These development loans now reach almost US$6000 million. They have helped to lay the foundation of economic progress in many countries, particularly by assisting the development of electric power, transportation, industry and agriculture.
    AH payments of interest and principal due from the Bank's borrowers have been received.

Part IV Writing Directions: Read the following passage carefully and then answer the question in about 100- 120 words. Please write your answer clearly on ANSWER SHEET II. (15 points)

            THE IDEA OF SUMMERHILL
    This is a story of a modern school-Summerhill. Summerhill began as an experimentalschool. It is no longer such; it is now a demonstration school, for it demonstrates that freedomworks. When my first wife and I began the school, we had one main idea: to make the schoolfitthe chiM--inst ead of making the child fit the school.Obviously, a school that makes active children sit at desks studying mostly uselesssubjects is abad school. It is a good school only for those who believe in such a school, forthose uncreative citizens who want docile (顺从的), uncreative children who will fit into acivilization whose standard of success is money.
    I had taught in ordinary schools for many years. I knew the other way well. I knew it wasall wrong. It was wrong because it was based on an adult conception of what a child should beand of how a child should learn.
    Well, we set out to make a school in which we should allow children freedom to bethemselves. In order to do this, we had to abandon all discipline, all direction, all suggestion,all moral training, all religious instruction. We have been called brave, but it did not requirecourage. All it required was what we had--a complete belief in the child as a good, not an evil,being.
    My view is that a child is wise and realistic by nature. If left to himself without adultsuggestion of any kind, he will develop as far as he is capable of developing. Logically,Summerhill is a place in which people who have the natural ability and wish to be scholars willbe scholars; while those who are only fit to sweep the streets will sweep the streets. But wehave not produced a street cleaner so far.

Question:
    What are the likely differences between Summerhill and an ordinary school and how doyou comment on the differences?
2001年在职攻读硕士学位全国联考
教育硕士专业学位
英语（一）（A）参考答案
Part I 语法与词汇（20 points）
(1 point each)
1.C 2.B 3.A 4.A 5.C 6.C 7.B 8.C 9.D 10.C
(0.5 point each)
11.B 12.C 13.C 14.C 15.B 16.C 17.C 18.B
19.D 20.A 21.B 22.A 23.D 24.B 25.D 26.A 27.B
28.B 29.A 30.A
Part II 阅读理解（50 points）
(2 points each)
31.D 32.A 33.C 34.B 35.C 36.B 37.D 38.B 39.B
40.A 41.B 42.B 43.D 44.C 45.A 46.D 47.B 48.A
49.B 50.B
简答题（2 points each）
51.Women's bride-wealth or dowries in different cultures.
52.In a matrilineal society.
53.Because his bride is the only means availale to him for passing on his genes.
54.Tto purchase a woman's future fertility.
55.If she is a virgin, her groom should pay a very high price.
If she is a mother, she may command less bride-wealth
If she turns out to be infertile, her family should return her husband's payment.
Part III 英译汉(15 points)
世界银行作为一个全新的国际金融机构于第二次世界大战临结束时成立，旨在在世界将面临的战后困难时期对外提供资助。世界银行于1946年6月正式开业。当时其成员国为44个。到1962年4月，其成员国已增至75个，并尚有15国在申请中。他们多半为新独立的非洲国家。世界银行的首批贷款于1947年向西欧国家发放，目的在于资助该地区的战后重建工作。此后，该行转为向世界上欠发达国家贷款，以资助他们的经济发展。用于发展经济的贷款现在已近60亿美圆。此类贷款尤其以资助贷款国电力、交通、工业和农业发展的方式，为许多国家的经济发展奠定了基础。世界银行袋款国到期应付的利息及本金悉数支付给该行。
Part IV 写作（略）（15 points）
2001年在职攻读硕士学位全国联考
教育硕士专业学位
英语（一）（B）参考答案
Part I 语法与词汇（20 points）
(1 point each)
1.C 2.C 3.C 4.B 5.A 6.D 7.C 8.B 9.C 10.A
(0.5 point each)
11.B 12.A 13.D 14.B 15.D 16.A 17.B 18.B
19.A 20.A 21.B 22.C 23.C 24.C 25.B 26.C 27.C
28.B 29.D 30.A
Part II 阅读理解（50 point）
(2 points each)
31.D 32.B 33.A 34.B 35.B 36.D 37.A 38.C 39.B
40.C 41.B 42.D 43.B 44.B 45.A 46.B 47.B 48.D
49.C 50.A
简答题（2 points each）
51.Women's bride-wealth or dowries in different cultures.
52.In a matrilineal society.
53.Because his bride is the only means availale to him for passing on his genes.
54.Tto purchase a woman's future fertility.
55.If she is a virgin, her groom should pay a very high price.
If she is a mother, she may command less bride-wealth
If she turns out to be infertile, her family should return her husband's payment.
Part III 英译汉(15 points)
世界银行作为一个全新的国际金融机构于第二次世界大战临结束时成立，旨在在世界将面临的战后困难时期对外提供资助。世界银行于1946年6月正式开业。当时其成员国为44个。到1962年4月，其成员国已增至75个，并尚有15国在申请中。他们多半为新独立的非洲国家。世界银行的首批贷款于1947年向西欧国家发放，目的在于资助该地区的战后重建工作。此后，该行转为向世界上欠发达国家贷款，以资助他们的经济发展。用于发展经济的贷款现在已近60亿美圆。此类贷款尤其以资助贷款国电力、交通、工业和农业发展的方式，为许多国家的经济发展奠定了基础。世界银行袋款国到期应付的利息及本金悉数支付给该行。
Part IV 写作（略）（15 points）
