2002年硕士研究生入学英语考试模拟考题
Section Ⅰ Listening Comprehension(略)

Section Ⅱ Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s)for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1.(10 points)
While you were staying with us during the summer, I remember you asked me a lot of questions about law in this country. I'm 21 I wasn't able to help you much.
We read in our papers about trials in the 22 courts, but few lawabiding citizens are experts on the 23 .
You asked me to tell you how criminal trials in England 24 from criminal trials in Europe, and I couldn't 25 you much - except, I remember, that I said that in England a person accused 26 crime must always be supposed innocent until he has been 27 guilty. Newspapers mustn't describe the accused as "the murderer"; he's "the 28 " or "the prisoner".
Last month I served as a member of the jury at an important criminal trial so I learnt quite a lot. I thought you'd be interested, and that's 29 I'm writing.
I'm giving you only some general impressions. The newspaper reports I'm sending 30 give a fairly complete account of the trial.
The prisoner was accused of robbing a bank and of 31 the night watchman who tried to 32 him. He pleaded "Not Guilty", so the trial was a 33 one. We had to listen to some long speeches and a lot of 34 .
I am over fifty and this was my first experience of 35 as a juryman. We're liable for jury service between 21 and 60, 36 you see I might have been 37
many years ago. Of the twelve members of the jury, three were women. Two of the men were small shopkeepers, 38 was a motor mechanic, another was a school teacher.
I didn' find out 39 the others were, but you can see we were a 40 lot.

21.［A］sure ［B］interested ［C］informed ［D］afraid
22.［A］justice ［B］town ［C］law ［D］judgement
23.［A］dynamics ［B］court ［C］math ［D］subject
24.［A］range ［B］differ ［C］result ［D］suffer
25.［A］tell ［B］announce ［C］pronounce ［D］declare
26.［A］of ［B］about ［C］over ［D］from
27.［A］confirming ［B］proved ［C］charged ［D］shown
28.［A］innocent ［B］accused ［C］suspecting ［D］invalid
29.［A］how ［B］whatever ［C］why ［D］for which
30.［A］individually［B］detailedly ［C］reasonably ［D］separately
31.［A］robbing ［B］accusing ［C］catching ［D］wounding
32.［A］defend ［B］examine ［C］stop ［D］interfere
33.［A］short ［B］just ［C］appropriate ［D］long
34.［A］trials ［B］evidence ［C］description ［D］information
35.［A］serving ［B］regarding ［C］assuming ［D］blaming
36.［A］so ［B］yet ［C］nevertheless ［D］then
37.［A］employed as ［B］called on ［C］inquired out ［D］promoted to
38.［A］the other ［B］there ［C］one ［D］who
39.［A］whatever ［B］that ［C］what ［D］None
40.［A］mixed ［B］proper ［C］quite ［D］bit

Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension
Part A
Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1.(40 points)

Text 1
The long years of food shortage in this country have suddenly given way to apparent abundance. Stores and shops are choked with food. Rationing is virtually suspended, and overseas suppliers have been asked to hold back deliveries. Yet, instead of joy, there is widespread uneasiness and confusion. Why do food prices keep on rising, when there seems to be so much more food about? Is the abundance only temporary, or has it come to stay? Does it mean that we need to think less now about producing more food at home? No one knows what to expect.
The recent growth of export surpluses on the world food market has certainly been unexpectedly great, partly because a strange sequence of two successful grain harvests in North American is now being followed by a third. Most of Britain's overseas suppliers of meat, too, are offering more this year and home production has also risen.
But the effect of all this on the food situation in this country has been made worse by simultaneous rise in food prices, due chiefly to the gradual cutting down of government support for food. The shops are overstocked with food not only because there is more food available but also because people, frightened by high prices, are buying less of it.
Moreover, the rise in domestic prices has come at a time when world prices have begun to fall, with the result that imported food, with the exception of grain, is often cheaper than the homeproduced variety. And now grain prices, too, are falling. Consumers are beginning to ask why they should not be enabled to benefit from this trend.
The significance of these developments is not lost on farmers. The older generation have seen it all happen before. Despite the present price and market guarantees, farmers fear they are about to be squeezed between cheap food imports and a shrinking home market. Present production is running at 51 percent above prewar levels, and the government has called for an expansion to 60 percent by 1956; but repeated. Ministerial advice is carrying little weight and the expansion program is not working very well.

41.The main purpose of the first paragraph is .
［A］to show the reason of food shortage
［B］to explain the conflict between surplus of food supply and rising price
［C］the deteriorating living conditions of farmers
［D］the market demand for food supply
42. The main reason for this rise in food prices is that .
［A］domestic food production has decreased
［B］the government is providing less support for agriculture
［C］imported food is driving prices higher
［D］people are buying less food
43. The decrease in world food prices was a result of .
［A］a sharp fall in the purchasing power of the consumers
［B］a sharp fall in the cost of food production
［C］the overproduction of food in the foodimporting countries
［D］the overproduction on the part of the main foodexporting countries
44. Why didn't the government's expansion program work very well?
［A］Because the farmers were uncertain about the benefits of expanding production.
［B］Because the farmers were uncertain about the financial support the government guaranteed.
［C］Because the farmers were uncertain whether foreign markets could be found for their product.
［D］Because the older generation of farmers were strongly against the program.
45. What did the future look like for Britain's food production at the time this article?
［A］The fall in world food prices would benefit British food producers.
［B］An expansion of food production was at hand.
［C］British food producers would receive more government financial support.
［D］It looks depressing despite government guarantees.

Text 2
It was just three when I sighted a small, black dot moving ahead of me on the pack ice. For some time the sledge tracks had been winding amongst black pools of halffrozen bits of ice towards a small iceberg caught in the pack, and it was against the sheer green slope of this iceberg that figure of Bland showed like a small dot dancing in the white void. It was painful to try and keep my eyes on it, and dangerous because it tended to make me lose my balance. After I'd had one fall through no watching my skis and had got up again with great difficulty, I ceased to worry about the mark ahead and concentrated on skiing as fast as possible.
When I looked again the berg was much nearer, but there was no sing of Bland. Presumably he'd passed behind it. Or had he seen me? Was he lying in wait? I left his tracks and circled away to the north of the berg. I soon caught sight of him then, not half a mile away and moving along the flank of the berg, which was a long one.
Between us the snow lay flat, like a sheet of white. I drove my sticks into it, thrusting forward on a line that would converge with Bland.
He had almost reached the end of the berg when he saw me. He stopped and then his voice reached me on the cold wind. He was shouting me and waving his sticks. Just as his companions had done, he thought I was part of a rescue party.
I unslung my rifle then, cocked it and slithered forward with the ski sticks looped over one wrist.
Something in the way I moved towards him must have warned him, for he suddenly stopped shouting and stood quite still, staring at me as I advanced on him. I was getting close now, and though the snowglare made it difficult for me to see, he was outlined against the final shoulder of the berg and a good target.
 But I was taking no chanced. I closed on him steadily, just as I would have done an enemy ship.
"Who are you?" His hail came to me quite clearly and I realized I was getting into the shelter of the berg.

46. When the writer saw Bland the latter was .
［A］standing near an iceberg ［B］leaning against an iceberg
［C］moving on the ice        ［D］climbing the slope of an iceberg
47. It can be inferred from the text that Bland .
［A］stopped skiing in the middle of the route
［B］was hurt by the berg
［C］arrived earlier than I
［D］waited in a secret place
48. Bland shouted to the writer .
［A］because he thought the writer had come to save him
［B］because his companions were shouting
［C］to show that he was in danger
［D］to tell the writer he was near the end of the iceberg
49. Bland stopped shouting because .
［A］he had started staring at the writer
［B］he became suspicious of the writer
［C］the writer had warned him not to do so
［D］he saw something strange in the writer's behavior
50. The writer didn't shoot at the Bland as he advanced towards him because he .
［A］didn't want to shoot at an unarmed person
［B］didn't get the opportunity to do so
［C］wanted to make sure of the hit
［D］had warned Bland first, as Bland was standing still

Text 3
In 1967, in response to widespread public concern aroused by medical reports of asbestosrelated deaths, the National Medical Research Council organized committee of inquiry to investigate the health threats associated with the use of asbestos in the building industry.
After examining evidences provided by medical researchers and building workers and management, the Council published a report which included advice for dealing with asbestos. The report confirmed the findings of similar research in the United States and Canada. Exposure to relatively small quantities of asbestos fibres, they concluded, was directly responsible for the development of cancers, asbestosis and related diseases. Taking into account evidence provided by economists and building
ndustry management, however, the report assumed that despite the
availability of other materials, asbestos would continue to play a major role in the British building industry ofr many years to come because of its availability and low cost.
As a result, the council gave a series of recommendations which were intended to reduce the risks to those who might be exposed to asbestos in working environments. They recommended that, where possible, asbestosfree materials should be employed. In cases where asbestos was employed, it was recommended that it should be used in such a way that loose fibres were less likely to enter the air. The report recommended that special care should be taken during work in environments which contain asbestos. Workers should wear protective equipment and take special care to remove dust from the environment and clothing with the use of vacuum cleaner.
The report identified five factors which determine the level of risk involved. The state and type of asbestos is critical to determining the risk factors. In addition,dust formation was found to be limited where the asbestos was used when wet rather than dry.
The choice of tools was also found to affect the quantities of asbestos particles that enter the air. machine tools produce greater quantities of dust than hand tools and, where possible, the use of the latter was recommended.
A critical factor takes place in risk reduction is the adequate ventilation of the working environment. When work takes place in an enclosed space, more asbestos particles circulate and it was therefore recommended that natural or machine ventilation should be used. By closely following these advices, it was claimed that exposure can be reduced to a reasonably practical minimum.

51. Exposure to asbestos fibres can cause cancer .
［A］only when asbestos is used in building industry
［B］only when it is used in large quantities
［C］even if it is used in small quantities
［D］if they are used when wet rather than dry
52. Exposure to asbestos fibres is harmful to people's health .
［A］so the use of asbestos is limited
［B］but asbestos will continue to be used for a long time to come
［C］so other new kinds of materials are under development
［D］but they will not be so when ventilation devices are used
53. It can be inferred from the text that the real danger comes from .
［A］the asbestos dust that people take in
［B］the contact of the worker's skin with asbestos particles
［C］the inferior quality of the asbestos itself
［D］the excessive use of manmade asbestos material
54. The government has taken the following measures to reduce the risks, except .
［A］prevention of entry of loose fibres
［B］special equipment against asbestos
［C］removal dust from work sites
［D］limitation of asbestos in construction
55. Evidence from the economists and the building industries shows that .
［A］exposure to asbestos fibres is cancercausing
［B］asbestos is in extensive use in building industry
［C］use of asbestos is being reduced gradually
［D］exposure to asbestos fibres can be reduced significantly

Text 4
Stars may be spheres, but not every celestial object is spherical. Objects in the universe show a variety of shapes: round planets(some with rings), tailed comets, wispy cosmic gas and dust clouds, ringed nebulae pinwheel shaped spiral galxies, and so on. But none of the shapes on this list describes the largest single entities in the universe. These are the double radio sources, galaxies with huge clouds of radio emission that dwarf the visible galaxies, sometimes by a factor of a hundred or more. Stretching over distances greater than a million lightyears, these radioemitting regions resemble twin turbulent gas clouds, typically forming dumbbell like, shapes with the visible galaxy(when it is visible) in the center.
These double radio sources present astronomers with a puzzle. Their radio emission arises from the synchrotron process, in which electrons accelerated to nearly the speed of light move through magnetic fields. However, in view of the rate at which the radio sources emit energy, they should disappear in a few million years as their electrons slow down and cease producing radiation. Somehow new electrons must be continually accelerated to nearly the speed of light; otherwise, by now almost none of the double radio sources would be observed.
With the advent of high resolution radio interferometers during the late 1970's, part of the answer became clear; the electrons are produced injets that are shot out in opposite directions from the center of a galaxy. Remarkably narrow and highly directional, the jets move outward at speeds close to the speed of light. When the jets strike the highly rarefied gas that permeates intergalactic space, the fastmoving electrons lose their highly directional motion and form vast clouds of radio emititng gas.
Cosmic jets have ranked among the hottest topics of astronomical research in recent years as astronomers strive to understand where they come from. Why should a galaxy eject matter at such tremendous speeds in two narrow jets? And why are such jets not seen in the Milky Way?

56. The text lists a variety of celestial objects to .
［A］raise the topic of double radio sources
［B］suggest they are smaller substances
［C］compare them with the sun
［D］suggest the various shapes
57. The author suggests that astronomers consider the study of cosmic jets to be .
［A］an obsolete scientific field
［B］an unprofitable venture
［C］an intriguing challenge
［D］a subjective debate
58. According to the text, scientists do not fully understand why double radio sources .
［A］have not eventually disappeared
［B］cannot be observed with a telescope
［C］are beginning to slow down
［D］are not as big as some planets and stars
59. According to the text, what happens when electrons and gas collide in space?
［A］The gas becomes more condensed.
［B］The gas becomes less radiated.
［C］The electrons disperse.
［D］The electrons become negatively charged.
60. The paragraph following the text most likely discusses .
［A］specific double radio sources
［B］an explanation of the synchrotron process
［C］possible reasons for the presence of cosmic jets
［D］the discovery of the first double radio sources

Part B
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

It used to be said that English people take their pleasures sadly (61)No doubt this would still be true if they had any pleasures to take, but the price of alcohol and tobacco in my country has provided sufficient external causes for melancholy. (62)I have sometimes thought that the habit of taking pleasures sadly has crossed the Atlantic, and I have wondered what it is that makes so many Englishspeaking people somber in their outlook in spite of good health and a good income.
In the course of my travels in America I have been impressed by a kind of fundamental malaise which seems to me extremely common and which poses difficult problems for the social reformer. (63)Most social reformers have held the opinion that, if poverty were abolished and there were no more economic insecurity, the millennium would have arrived. But when I look at the faces of people in opulent cars, whether in your country or in mine, I do not see that look of radiant happiness which the aforesaid social reformers had led me to expect. In nine cases out of ten, I see instead a look of boredom and discontent and an almost frantic longing for something
that might tickle the jaded palate.
(64)When I try to understand what it is that prevents so many Americans from being as happy as one might expect, it seems to me that there are two causes, of which one goes much deeper than the other. The one that goes least deep is the necessity for subservience in some large organization.
65If you are an energetic man with which you are concerned, you find yourself invariably under the orders of some big man at the top who is elderly, wea
ry and cynical. Whenever you have a bright idea, the boss puts a stopper on it. The more Energetic you are and the more vision you have, the more you will suffer from the impossibility of doing any of the things that you feel ought to be done. When you go home and moan to your wife, she tells you that you are a silly fellow and that if you became the proper sort of yestman your income would soon be doubled. If you try divorce and remarriage it is very unlikely that there will be any change in this respect. And so you are condemned to gastric ulcers and premature old age.

Section Ⅳ Writing
Directions:
［A］Time limit: 40 minutes
［B］word limit: 200 words

It is said that China is one of the countries where pirated products flourish. Write an essay on this topic in no less than 200 words. (20 points)
On Pirating
Outline:

(1) Present Situation
(2) The negative effects of pirating
(3) Suggestions
