2002年研究生入学考试英语试题及解析(一)

Section Ⅰ

Listening Comprehension Directions:  This section is designed to test your ability to understand spoken English. You will hear a selection of recorded materials and you must answer the questions th at accompany them. There are three parts in this section, Part A, Part B and 　Part C.

Remember, while you are doing the test, you should first put down your answers i n your test booklet. At the end of the listening comprehension section, you will have 5 minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.   Now look at Part A in your test booklet.

Part A

Directions:  For Questions 1-5, you will hear an introduction about the life of Margaret Welc h. While you listen, fill out the table with the information you've heard. Some of the information has been given to you in the table. Write only 1 word o r number in each numbered box. You will hear the recording twice. You now have 25 seconds to read the table below. (5 points)

Part B  Directions:  For questions 6-10, you will hear a talk by a well-known U.S.journalist. While you listen, complete the sentences or answer the questions. Use not more than 3 words for each answer. You will hear the recording twice. You now have 25 seconds to read the sentences and questions below. (5 points)

Besides reporters, who else were camped out for days outside the speaker's home?
6
One reporter got to the speaker's apartment pretending to pay
7
The speaker believed the reporter wanted a picture of her looking
8
Where is a correction to a false story usually placed?

9
According to the speaker, the press will lost readers unless the editors and the
news directors

10

Part C  Directions:  You will hear three pieces of recorded material. Before listening to each one, you will have time to read the questions related to it. While listening, answer each question by choosing A, B, C or D. After listening, you will have time to check your answers. You will hear each piece once only. (10 points)

Questions 11 - 13 are based on a report about children's healthy development. You now have 15 seconds to read Questions 11 - 13.
11. What unusual question may doctors ask when giving kids a checkup next time?
［A］ How much exercise they get every day.
［B］ What they are most worried about.
［C］ How long their parents accompany them daily.
［D］ What entertainment they are interested in.
12. The academy suggests that children under age two .
［A］ get enough entertainment.
［B］ have more activities.
［C］ receive early education.
［D］ have regular checkups.
13. According to the report, children's bedrooms should .
［A］ be no place for play.
［B］ be near a common area.
［C］ have no TV sets.
［D］ have a computer for study.

Questions 14 - 16 are based on the following talk about how to save money. You now have 15 seconds to read Questions 14 - 16.

14. According to the speaker, what should one pay special attention to if he wants to save up?
［A］ Family debts.   ［B］ Bank savings.
［C］ Monthly bills.   ［D］ Spending habits.
15. How much can a person save by retirement if he gives up his pack-a-day habit?
［A］ $190,000.  ［B］ $330,000.  ［C］ $500,000. ［D］ $1,000,000.
16. What should one do before paying monthly bills, if he wants to accumulate wealth?
［A］ Invest into a mutual fund.
［B］ Use the discount tickets.
［C］ Quit his eating-out habit.
［D］ Use only paper bills and save coins.

Questions 17-20 are based on an interview with Herbert A. Glieberman, a domestic-relations lawyer. You now have 20 seconds to read Questions 17 - 20.

17. Which word best describes the lawyer's prediction of the change in divorce rate?
［A］ Fall.  ［B］ Rise.   ［C］ V-shape. ［D］Zigzag.
18. What do people nowadays desire to do concerning their marriage?
［A］ To embrace changes of thought.
［B］ To adapt to the disintegrated family life.
［C］ To return to the practice in the '60s and '70s.
［D］ To create stability in their lives.
19. Why did some people choose not to divorce 20 years ago?
［A］ They feared the complicated procedures.
［B］ They wanted to go against the trend.
［C］ They were afraid of losing face.
［D］ they were willing to stay together.
20. Years ago a divorced man in a coMPAny would have .
［A］ been shifted around the country.
［B］ had difficulty being promoted.
［C］ enjoyed a happier life.
［D］ tasted little bitterness of disgrace.

You now have 5 minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.

THIS IS THE END OF SECTION I
DO NOT READ OR WORK ON THE NEXT SECTION
UNTIL YOU ARE TOLD TO CONTINUE

