2002年全国硕士研究生入学考试英语模拟试卷（一）
全国硕士研究生入学考试英语试题

National Entrance Test Of English For MA/MS Candidates (2002)
(NETEM)

Section I Listening Comprehension
（略）
Section II Use of English
Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mark A,B,C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1.(10 points)
   It was a foolish question to ask. It __21__ more sense for me to have learned if she had __22__ or a point of view, but it was __23__ for that now and I supposed that the __24__ Relations Office had __25__ her before granting the interview. I didn't have time this week to reed __26__ pieces about corporate rainmakers, and their golden parachutes or women at midtown law firms __27__ six times my salary but whining about breaking the __28__ ceiling.
   "I won't waste your time," she __29__ , "If the details on your __30__ are accurate and the articles Laura __31__ me have correct background, we won't have to __32__ that." I __33__ in approval. She was obviously a __34__ , and an intelligent one __35__. It was always __36__ to sit for a __37__ when the questioner spent the first hour asking what schools I had __38__, how long__39__, and whether I liked my job.
   "Is it all right __40__ you if we start with some information about the Sex Crimes Prosecution Unit?"
"I'd like that," I replied.

21. A. made  B. would make  C. would have made  D. would be
22. A. a fish to fry  B. a nut to crack  C. a song to sing  D. an axe to grind
23. A. still late  B. too late  C. so late  D. past
24. A. Common  B. Financial  C. Local  D. Public
25. A. vetted  B. called  C. connected with  D. contacted with
26. A. rushed  B. windy  C. puff  D. blowing
27. A. taking  B. making  C. slaving for  D. losing
28. A. plastered  B. glass  C. fragile  D. limited
29. A. rambled  B. carded on  C. lectured  D. went on
30. A. application  B. curriculum vitae  C. report  D. folder
31. A. phoned  B. faxed  C. had phoned  D. had faxed
32. A. re-paint  B. remix  C. re-write  D. rehash
33. A. trembled  B. grimaced  C. smiled  D. winked
34. A. girl  B. pro  C. tyro  D. mogul
35. A. at that  B. at this  C. to reboot  D. added
36. A. agreeable  B. instructive  C. impatient  D. aggravating
37. A. photo  B. portrait  C. profile  D. sketch
38. A. attended  B. matriculated  C. enrolled  D. preferred
39. A. I had worked  B. did I work  C. was I working  D. would I work
40. A. for  B. to  C. according to  D. with

Sections III Reading Comprehension
Part A
Each of the passages below is followed by some questions. For each question there are four answers marked A, B, C and D. Read the passage carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions. Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1 by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil. (40 points)
Text 1
   Say the word bacteria, and most folks conjure up images of a nasty germ like staphylococcus or salmonella that can make you really sick. But most bacteria aren't bad for you. In fact, consuming extra amounts of some bacteria can actually promote good health. These beneficial bacteria are available without a prescription in drug and health-food stores and in foods like yogurt. So far, the best results have been seen in the treatment of diarrhea, particularly in children. But researchers are also looking into the possibility that beneficial bacteria may thwart vaginal infections in women, prevent some food allergies in children and lessen symptoms of Crohn' s disease, a relatively rare but painful gastrointestinal disorder.
   So where have these good germs been lurking all your life? In your intestines, especially the lower section called the colon, which harbors at least 400 species of bacteria. Which ones you have depends largely on your environment and diet. An abundance of good bacteria in the colon generally crowds out stray bad bacteria in your food. But if the bad outnumber the good-for example, after antibiotic treatment for a sinus or an ear infection, which kills normal intestinal germs as well-the result can be diarrhea.
   For generations, people have restored the balance by eating yogurt, buttermilk or other products made from fermented milk. But nowadays, you can also down a few pills that contain freeze-dried germs. These preparations are called probiotics to distinguish them from.antibiotics. Unfortunately, you can't always be sure that the bacteria in the products you buy are the same strains as those listed on the label or even that they' re still alive. Probiotics are usually sensitive to both heat and moisture. Among the most promising and most thoroughly researched probiotics is the GG strain of Lactobacillus, discovered by Dr. Sherwood Gorbach and biochemist Barry Goldin, both at Tufts University School of Medicine. L-GG, as it' s called, has been used to treat traveler' s diarrhea and intestinal upsets caused by antibiotics. Even more intriguing, L-GG also seems to work against some viruses, including rotavirus, one of the most common causes of diarrhea in children in the U. S. and around the world. Here the effect is indirect. Somehow L-GG jump-starts the immune system into recognizing the threat posed by the virus.
   Pediatricians at Johns Hopkins are studying a different bug, the Bb-12 strain of Bifidobacterium, which was discovered by researchers at CHR Hansen Biosystems. Like L-GG, Bb-12 stimulates the immune system. For reasons that are not clear, infants who are breast-fed have large amounts of bifidobacteria in their intestines. They also have fewer intestinal upsets. Dr. Jose Saavedra and colleagues at Hopkins have shown that Bb-12 prevents several types of diarrhea, including that caused by rotavims, in hospitalized infants as young as four months. It has also been used to cure diarrhea in children of all ages.

41. What the author mainly intends to say in the first paragraph is ____
A. that nasty germs can make you really sick
B. that the word bacteria doesn't refer to the germs which make people sick
C. the beneficial effects that most bacteria may produce on human body
D. the possibility that beneficial bacteria may stop vaginal infections in women
42. According to this passage, ____ may result in the imbalance of bacteria in your intestines
A. antibiotic treatment for an ear infection
B. taking pills which contain freeze-dried germs
C. eating yogurt or buttermilk
D. eating products made from fermented milk
43. It isn't said in the passage that L-GG can be used to ____.
A. lessen symptoms of Crohn's disease
B. fight against rotavims
C. treat traveler's diarrhea
D. treat intestinal upsets caused by antibiotics
44. The word "intriguing" in paragraph 3 refers to ___.
A. tractable
B. dauntless
C. heroic
D. appealing
45. This passage is mainly about ____
A. the definition of bacteria
B. health germs
C. probiotics
D. probiotics versus antibiotics
Text 2
   A child who has once been pleased with a tale likes, as a rule, to have it retold in identically the same words, but this should not lead parents to treat printed fairy stories as sacred texts. It is always much better to tell a story than read it out of a book, and, if a parent can produce what, in the actual circumstances of the time and the individual child, is an improvement on the printed text, so much the better.
   A charge made against fairy tales is that they harm the child by frightening him or arousing his sadistic impulses. To prove the latter, one would have to show in a controlled experiment that children who have read fairy stories were more often guilty of cruelty than those who had not. Aggressive, destructive, sadistic impulses every child has and, on the whole, their symbolic verbal discharge seen is to be rather a safety valve than an incitement to overt action. As to fears, there are, I think, well-authenticated cases of children being dangerously terrified by some fairy story. Often, however, this arises from the child having heard the story once. Familiarity with the story by repetition turns the pain of fear into the pleasure of the fear faced and mastered.
   There are also people who object to fairy stories on the grounds that they are not objectively true, that giants, witches, two-headed dragons, magic carpets, etc., do not exist; and that, instead of indulging his fantasies in fairy tales, the child should be taught how to adapt to reality by studying history and mechanics. I find such people, ! must confess, so unsympathetic and peculiar that I do not know how to argue with them. If their case were sound, the world should be full of madmen attempting to fly from New York to Philadelphia on a broomstick or covering a telephone with kisses in the belief that it was their enchanted girl-friend.
   No fairy story ever claimed to be a description of the external world and no sane child has ever believed that it was.

46. The author considers that a fairy story is more effective when it is ___
A. repeated without variation
B. treated with reverence.
C. adapted by the parent
D. set in the present
47. Some people dislike fairy stories because they feel that they ____
A. tempt people to be cruel to children
B. show the primitive cruelty in children
C. lend themselves to undesirable experiments with children
D, increase a tendency to sadism inchildren
48. Fairy stories are a means by which children's impulses may be ____
A. beneficially channeled
B. given a destructive tendency
C. held back until maturity
D. effectively suppressed
49. The advantage claimed for repeating fairy stories to young children is that it ____
A. makes them come to term with their fears.
B. develops their power of memory
C. convinces them there is nothing to be afraid of
D. encourages them not to have ridiculous beliefs
50. The author's mention of broomsticks and telephones is meant to suggest that ____
A. fairy stories are still being made up
B. there is confusion about different kinds of truth
C. people try to modernise old fairy stories
D. there is more concern for children's fears nowadays
Text 3
   Under certain circumstances, the human body must cope with gases at greater-than normal atmospheric pressure. For example, gas pressures increase rapidly during a dive made with scuba gear because the breathing equipment allows divers to stay underwater longer and dive deeper. The pressure exerted on the human body increases by 1 atmosphere for every 10 meters of depth in seawater, so that at 30 meters in seawater a diver is exposed to a pressure of about 4 atmospheres. The pressure of the gases being breathed must equal the external pressure applied to the body, otherwise breathing is very difficult. Therefore all of the gases in the air breathed by a scuba diver at 40 meters are present at five times their usual pressure. Nitrogen, which composes 80 percent of the air we breathe, usually causes a balmy feeling of well-being at this pressure. At a depth of 5 atmospheres, nitrogen causes symptoms resembling alcohol intoxication, known as nitrogen narcosis. Nitrogen narcosis apparently results from a direct effect on the brain of the large amounts of nitrogen cause under these pressures helium does not exert a similar narcotic effect.
   As a scuba diver descends, the pressure of nitrogen in the lungs increases. Nitrogen then diffuses from the lungs to the blood, and from the blood to body tissues. The reverse occurs when the diver surfaces; the nitrogen pressure in the lungs falls and the nitrogen diffuses from the tissues into the blood, and from the blood into the lungs. If the return to the surface is too rapid, nitrogen in the tissues and blood cannot diffuse out rapidly enough and nitrogen bubbles are formed. They can cause severe pains, particularly around the joints.
Another complication may result if the breath is held during ascent. During ascent from a depth of 10 meters, the volume of air in the lungs will double because the air pressure at the surface is only half of what it was at 10 meters. This change in volume may cause the lungs to distend and even rupture. This condition is called air embolism. To avoid this event, a diver must ascend slowly, never at a rate exceeding the rise of the exhaled air bubbles, and must exhale during ascent.

51. What does the passage mainly discuss?
A. The equipment divers use
B. The effects of pressure on gases in the human body
C. How to prepare for a deep dive
D. The symptoms of nitrogen bubbles in the bloodstream
52. The word "diffuses" in para.2 is closest in meaning to ____
A. yields
B. starts
C. surfaces
D. travels
53. What happens to nitrogen in body tissues if a diver ascends too quickly?
A. It forms bubbles.
B. It goes directly to the brain.
C. It is reabsorbed by the lungs.
D. Ii has a narcotic effect.
54. It can be inferred from the passage that which of the following presents the greatest danger to diver?
A. Pressurized helium
B. Nitrogen diffusion
C. Nitrogen bubbles
D. An air embolism
55. What should a driver do when ascending?
A. Rise slowly
B. Breathe faster
C. Relax completely
D. Breathe helium
Text 4
   As the twentieth century began, the importance of formal education in the United States increased. The frontier had mostly disappeared and by 1910 most Americans lived in towns and cities. Industrialization and the bureaucratization of economic life combined with a new emphasis upon credentials and expertise to make schooling increasingly important for economic and social mobility. Increasingly, too, schools were viewed as the most important means of integrating immigrants into American society.
   The arrival of a great wave of southern and eastern European immigrants at the turn of the century coincided with and contributed to an enormous expansion of formal schooling. By 1920 schooling to age fourteen or beyond was compulsory in most states, and the school year was greatly lengthened. Kindergartens, vacation schools, extracurricular activities, and vocational education and counseling extended the influence of public schools over the lives of students, many of whom in the larger industrial cities were the children of immigrants. Classes for adult immigrants were sponsored by public schools, corporations, Unions, churches, seffiement houses, and other agencies.
   Reformers early in the twentieth century suggested that education programs should suit the needs of specific populations. Immigrant women were one such population. Schools tried to educate young women so they could occupy productive places in the urban industrial economy, and one place many educators considered appropriate for women was the home.
   Although looking after the house and family was familiar to immigrant women. American education gave homemaking a new definition. In preindustrial economies, homemaking had meant the production as well as the consumption of goods, and it commonly included income-producing activities both inside and outside the home, in the highly industrialized early-twentieth-century, United States. However, overproduction rather than scarcity was becoming a problem. Thus, the ideal American homemaker was viewed as a consumer rather than a producer. Schools trained women to be consumer homemakers cooking, shopping, decorating, and caring for children) "efficiently" in their own homes, or if economic necessity demanded, as employees in the homes of others. Subsequent reforms have made these notions seem quite out-of-date.

56. It can be inferred from paragraph 1 that one important factor in the increasing importance of education in the United States was ____
A. the growing number of schools in frontier communities
B. an increase in the number of trained teachers
C. the expanding economic problems of schools
D. the increased urbanization of the entire country
57. The phrase "coincided with" in line 9 is closest in meaning to ____
A. was influenced by
B. happened at the same time as
C. began to grow rapidly
D. ensured the success of
58. According to the passage, one important change in United States education by the 1920's was that ____
A. most places required children to attend
B. the amount of time spent on formal education was limited
C. new regulations were imposed on nontraditional education
D. adults and children studied in the same classes
59. Vacation schools and extracurricular activities are mentioned in lines 11-12 to illustrate alternatives to formal education provided by public schools
A. the importance of educational changes
B. activities that competed to attract new
C. immigrants to their programs.
D. the increased impact of public schools on students.
60. According to the passage, early-twentieth-century education reformers believed that ____
A. different groups needed different kinds of education
B. special programs should be set up in frontier communities to modernize them
C. corporations and other organizations damaged educational progress
D. more women should be involved in education and industry
Part B
Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined sentences into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2.(10 points)
   The carrot-and-stick theory of motivation (like Newtonian physical theory) works reasonably well under certain circumstances. 1.The means for satisfying man's physiological and (within limits) his safety needs can be provided or withheld by management. Employment itself is such a means, and so are wages, working conditions, and benefits. By these means the individual can be controlled so long as he is struggling for subsistence.
   But the carrot-and-stick theory does not work at all once man has reached an adequate subsistence level and is motivated primarily by higher needs. Management cannot provide a man with self-respect, or with the respect of his fellows, or with the satisfaction of needs for self-fulfillment. 2.It can create such conditions that he is encouraged and enabled to seek such satisfactions for himself, or it can thwart him by failing to create those conditions.
   But this creation of conditions is not "control". It is not a good device for directing behavior. And so management finds itself in an odd position. The high standard of living created by our modem technological know-how provides quite adequately for the satisfaction of physiological and safety needs. The only significant exception is where management practices have not created confidence in a "fair break" and thus where safety needs are thwarted.3.But by making possible the satisfaction of low-level needs, management has deprived itself of the ability to use as motivators the devices on which conventional theory has taught it to rely-rewards, promises, incentives, or threats and other coercive devices.
   4.The philosophy of management by direction and control -- regardless of whether it is hard or soft - is inadequate to motivate because the human needs on which this approach relies are today unimportant motivators of behavior. Direction and control are essentially useless in motivating people whose important needs are social and egoistic. Both the hard and the soft approach fail today because they are simply irrelevant to the situation.
   5.People, deprived of opportunities to satisfy at work the needs which are now important to them, behave exactly as we right predict - with indolence, passivity, resistance to change, lack of responsibility, willingness to follow the demagogue, unreasonable demands for economic benefits. It would seem that we are caught in a web of our own weaving.
Part IV Writing (20 points)
Directions:
I) Title: PROBLEMS BROUGHT ABOUT BY AUTOMOBILES
J) Time limited: 40 minutes
K) Word limited: about 200 words
2002年全国硕士研究生人学考试英语模拟试卷（一）
参考答案

Test three answer：

21-40 CDBDA CBBDB BDCBA DCAAD
41-60 CAADB CDAAB BDADA DBADA

英译汉：

1．以满足人的生理的需要以及(在一定程度上)安全的需要的各种手段。雇佣本身就是这样一种手段。工资、工作条件、福利也是这样的手段。

2．他们只能创造出一些条件来鼓励他并使他便于为自己寻求这些满足，也可以用不提供这些条件来使他不能得到满足。

3．但是，管理人员由于使得较低级需要得到了满足，就使得自己再也不能应用传统理论所讲的各种方法--报酬、语言、刺激、威胁或其他强迫手段--作为激励因素。

4．指挥和控制的管理哲学--不论它是严厉的或是温和的--已不适合于作激励。因为这种管理哲学所依据的人的需要目前已不是重要的行为激励因素。

5．那些在工作中没有机会去满足目前对他们已成为重要的需要的人，他们的所作所为正如我们预料的那样--懒惰、消极、反对变革、不负责任、易于受人煽动、对经济利益提出不合理的要求。
