2004年硕士研究生入学英语模拟试题及答案(一)

　Section ⅠListening Comprehension

Directions：

  This section is designed to test your ability to understand spoken English.You will hear a selection of recorded materials and you must answer the questi ons that accompany them.There are three parts in this section,Part A,Part B and Part C.

  Remember,while you are doing the test,you should first put down your answers in your test booklet.At the end of the listening comprehension section,you will have 5minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.

Now look at Part A in your test booklet.

Part A

Directions：

You will hear a dialogue between Robert Gordon and the receptionist of SaintMartine Hotel of Paris.Listen and fill in the table with the information you've heard for Questions 15.Some of the information has been provided for you.Write only l word or number in each numbered box.You will hear the recording twice.You now have 25seconds to read the table below.(5points)

Saint Martine Hotel,Paris,Tel:452164

Reservation FormNameMrs.Gordon,Linda and MaggieType of room1Price(franc)2Date3Number of beds4FacilitiesShower,toilet,TV,videoPrice includesNewspaper,breakfast,serviceExtra charge for children under 16(franc)5Part B

Directions：

You will hear an interview with a veterinary doctor or vet (兽医).For Questions 610,complete the sentences or answer the questions while you listen.Use not more than 3words for each answer.You will hear the recording twice.You now have 25seconds to read the following questions and sentences.(5points)

The speaker became a vet after he took a course in

6

Who sometimes got on his nerves?

7

People do not feed animals properly because they give pets

8

Some people want pets because they are lonely,or simply for

decoration,or just to show

9

How long has the interviewee been a vet?

10

Part C

Directions：

You will hear 3talks.Before listening to each one,you will have time to read the questions related to it.While listening,answer the questions or complete the sentences by choosing A,B,C or D.You will hear the recording only once.(10points)

Questions 1113are based on the following talk about the famous magician Harry Houdini.You now have 15seconds to read Questions 1113.

11.Which of the following is true according to the passage?
［A］Robert Houdin gave him the name.
［B］A magician often uses "magic".
［C］Someone will saw his wife in two.
［D］Houdini studied knots and locks.
12.After he was chained up in a Chicago prison,Houdini escaped by
［A］using a needlelike tool.
［B］using a waxlike substance.
［C］acting at great speed.
［D］stealing the key from the passage.
13.Where did his most astonishing escape take place?
［A］On land.［B］At sea.
［C］In Chicago city.［D］In New York State.

Questions 1416are based on the following talk about the history of rainmaking.You now have 15seconds to read Questions 1416.

14.In ancient times,some rainmakers claimed to be able to bring rain by
［A］blowing a horn.
［B］killing human beings.
［C］singing a hymn.
［D］dancing at midnight.
15.Which of the following is true of the man who was almost hanged?
［A］He had asked for a 1,000dollars.
［B］He had burned chemicals.
［C］He had been associated with a flood.
［D］He had killed several people.
16.The practice of rainmaking became scientific
［A］at General Electric Company.
［B］when Vincent J.Schaefer came to New York.
［C］by a stroke of good luck.
［D］before 1946.

Questions 1720are based on the following talk about the earths magnetism.You now have 20seconds to read Questions 1720.

17.How long ago was the earths magnetism twice what it is today?
［A］At the beginning of the 20th century.
［B］2,500years ago.
［C］33,000years ago.
［D］When modern man first appeared on the earth.
18.Which of the following is true according to the passage?
［A］Magnetic poles have changed positions many times.
［B］An Italian scientist discovered magnetism.
［C］The Chinese knew about magnetism in the 8th century.
［D］Magnetic force is stronger at North than at South.
19.When there is a sudden decrease in magnetic strength,people are more likely to
［A］lose hair.［B］lose their direction.
［C］commit suicide.［D］die early.
20.The passage is intended to show the relation between
［A］the poles and the centre of the earth.
［B］science and nature.
［C］magnetism and life.
［D］East and West in the area of science.

You now have 5minutes to transfer all your answers from your test booklet to ANSWER SHEET 1.

SectionⅡUse of English

Directions：

For each numbered blank in the following passage,there are four choices marked A,B,C and D.Choose the best one and mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil.(10points)

Digital photography is still new enough that most of us have yet to form an opinion about it,21develop a point of view.But this hasnt stopped many film and computer fans from agreeing 22the early conventional wisdom about digital cameras-theyre neat 23for your PC,but theyre not suitable for everyday picturetaking.

The fans are wrong.More than anything else,digital cameras are radically 24what photography means and what it can be.The venerable medium of photography 25we know it is beginning to seem out of 26with the way we live.In our computer and camcorder 27,saving pictures as digital 28and watching them on TV is no less practical-and in many ways more 29than fumbling with rolls of film that must be sent off to be 30.

Paper is also terribly 31.Pictures that are incorrectly framed,32,or lighted are nonetheless committed to film and ultimately processedsintosprints.

The digital medium changes the 33.Still images that are 34digitally can immediately be shown on a computer 35,a TV screen,or a small liquidcrystal display (LCD)built rightsintosthe camera.And since the points of light that 36an image are saved as a series of digital bits in electronic memory,37being permanently etched onto film,they can be erased,retouched,and transmitted 38.

Whats it like to 39with one of these digital cameras?Its a little like a first date-exciting,confusing and fraught with 40.

21.［A］rather than［B］let alone［C］much less［D］so as to
22.［A］on［B］with［C］to［D］by
23.［A］attachments［B］auxiliaries［C］attributes［D］counterparts
24.［A］reexplaining［B］rearranging［C］reexposing［D］redefining
25.［A］though［B］if［C］as［D］unless
26.［A］rate［B］pace［C］step［D］speed
27.［A］environment［B］civilization［C］community［D］culture
28.［A］files［B］documents［C］programs［D］softwares
29.［A］appealing［B］facilitating［C］enlightening［D］encouraging
30.［A］converted［B］developed［C］exposed［D］evolved
31.［A］unforgiving［B］unperceiving［C］unconsidering［D］unsympathizing
32.［A］aimed［B］targeted［C］focused［D］pointed
33.［A］regulations［B］rules［C］disciplines［D］principles
34.［A］gripped［B］seized［C］grasped［D］captured
35.［A］demonstrator［B］exhibitor［C］monitor［D］transmitter
36.［A］constitute［B］illumine［C］penetrate［D］dissolve
37.［A］in case［B］rather than［C］as well as［D］as though
38.［A］ondigit［B］oncable［C］online［D］ondata
39.［A］fire［B］maneuver［C］operate［D］shoot
40.［A］chances［B］probabilities［C］opportunities［D］possibilities

SectionⅢReading Comprehension

Part A

Directions：

Each of the passages below is followed by some questions.For each question there are four answers marked A,B,C and D.Read the passages carefully and choose the best answer to each of the questions.Then mark your answer on ANSWER SHEET 1by blackening the corresponding letter in the brackets with a pencil.(40points)

Text 1

Among Bloombergs web pages on April 7th appeared a story that looked ordinary enough:Pair Gain,an American telecom equipment manufacturer,was to be bought by an Israeli company for about twice its market value.The companys stock price,predictably,rocketed from S｜850to S｜1113.All fine and normal-except that the story wasnt true.Somebody had copied Bloombergs logo and layout and posted a bogus report on the Bloomberg site.When Pair Gain queried the report,it was taken off,and the share price crashed again.Bloomberg is now suing unnamed parties who posted the page.

As more and more of life moves on to the Internet,so the difficulty of distinguishing fact from fiction on it becomes more and more of a worry.This problem springs from the Internets central virtue:low barriers to entry.In the real world,being a publisher costs a great deal of money.You have to have manufacturing facilities and distribution networks.So realworld publishers have a great deal invested in their reputations and consequently need to be careful about what they print.

On the Internet,being a publisher costs next to nothing.Many Internet publishers,therefore,have little to lose from printing untruths and plenty to gain in notoriety if the story they put out is sensational enough.Whats more,faking the realworld newspaper,which has to be both manufactured and distributed,would be next to impossible;faking an Internet page is deadly easy.

Not all the efforts of the lowering of the barriers to entry are bad.Traditional news organisations can be too cautious and too protective of their more powerful sources.Many scandals have been unearthed first by outsiders with scrappy news sheets and little to lose by way of influential contacts.The Internet is a golden age for what used to be the newsletter.The downside is the ease with which error spreads.

Rarely,though,falsehood takes the form of international fraud,more often it appears as malicious gossip,slovenly reporting and Chinese whispers.Last year everybody on the Internet knew that Tommy Hilfiger,a fashion designer,had made racist comments on the Operah Winfrey Show.Except that he didnt.Pierre Salinger,former television newsman,claimed at a news conference that TWA 800,a passenger plane that crashedsintosthe Atlantic killing all aboard in 1996,had been downed by a missile-all on the basis of a web page of dubious origin.Mary Schmich of the Chicago Tribune wrote her column one week as a spoof graduation speech.Somehow this column became tagged on the web,as Kurt Vonneguts commencement speech at MIT.

Cyberspace can also be risky,for now,because even sophisticated people can be gullible about what they read there.This may be because of a lag between technology and perception.Smartly produced pages,and things on screens,impress us with an authority that springs from the resources needed to produce them in the old paper medium.Perhaps everyone should be more worldly wise about what can turn up on the web.

41.The Bloomberg incident in the first paragraph is a case of
［A］malicious gossip.［B］slovenly report.
［C］Chinese whisper.［D］international fraud.
42.The difference between a realworld publisher and an Internet publisher is that
［A］the realworld publisher enjoys low barrier entry.
［B］the Internet publisher is notorious for being untruthful.
［C］the realworld publisher is too cautious about their investment.
［D］the Internet publisher enjoys easy access and low costs.
43.The falsehood that we often find on the Internet proves that
［A］the Internet has nothing to lose if error occurs.
［B］the Internet publisher is only a newsletter publisher.
［C］the Internet news report has no powerful sources.
［D］the Internet is a totally unreliable news media.
44.The lag between technology and perception in the last paragraph probably means that
［A］paper medium publication is far behind Internet publication.
［B］smartly produced pages appeal to peoples perception.
［C］the Internet page sometimes has a deceptive appearance.
［D］printing techniques acquire authority from necessary sources.
45.The author seems to believe that one should what one reads in Internet news.
A.reject B.watch C.accept D.appreciate

Text 2

The modern cult of beauty is a success in so far as more women retain their youthful appearance to a greater age than in the past."Old ladies"are already becoming rare.In a few years,we may well believe,they will be extinct.White hair and wrinkles,a bentback and hollow cheeks will come to be regarded as medievally oldfashioned.The crone of the future will be golden,curly and cherrylipped,and slender.This desirable consummation will be due in part to skin foods and injections of paraffinwax,facial surgery,mudbaths,and paint,in part to improved health,due in its turn to a more rational mode of life.Ugliness is one of the symptoms of disease,beauty of health.In so far as the campaign for beauty is also a campaign for more health,it is admirable and,up to a point,genuinely successful.

Beauty that is merely the artificial shadow of these symptoms of health is intrinsically of poorer quality than the genuine article.Still,it is a sufficiently good imitation to be sometimes mistakable for the real thing.The apparatus for mimicking the symptoms of health is now within the reach of every moderately prosperous person;the knowledge of the way in which real health can be achieved is growing,and will in time,no doubt,be universally acted upon.When that happy moment comes,will every woman be beautiful-as beautiful,at any rate,as the natural shape of her features,with or without surgical and chemical aid,permits?The answer is emphatically:No.For real beauty is as much an affair of the inner as of the outer self.The beauty of a porcelain jar is a matter of shape,of colour,of surface texture.The jar may be empty or tenanted by spiders,full of honey or stinking slime-it makes no difference to its beauty or ugliness.But a woman is alive,and her beauty is therefore not skin deep.The surface of the human vessel is affected by the nature of its spiritual contents.I have seen women who,by the standards of a connoisseur of porcelain,were ravishingly lovely.

Their shape,their colour,their surface texture were perfect.And yet they were not beautiful.For the lovely vase was either empty or filled with some corruption.Spiritual emptiness or ugliness shows through.And conversely,there is an interior light that can transfigure forms that the pure aesthetician would regard as imperfect or downright ugly.

There are numerous forms of psychological ugliness.There is an ugliness of stupidity,for example,of unawareness (distressingly common among pretty women).An ugliness also of greed,of lasciviousness,of avarice.All the deadly sins,indeed,have their own peculiar negation of beauty.On the pretty faces of those especially who are trying to have a continuous "good time",one sees very often a kind of bored sullenness that ruin all their charm.I remember in particular two young American girls I once met in North Africa.From the porcelain specialists point of view,they were extremely beautiful.But a sullen boredom was so deeply stampedsintostheir fresh faces,their gait and gestures expressed so weary a listlessness,that it was unbearable to look at them.These exquisite creatures were positively repulsive.

46.Because of skin foods,paraffinwax,facial surgery,mudbaths and paint,
［A］wrinkles and hollow cheeks will not be found.
［B］the desirable consummation will be achieved.
［C］curly hair will look medievally oldfashioned.
［D］the elderly women will no longer be able to exist.
47.In the second paragraph,beauty is talked about as
［A］an artificial shadow of a genuine article.
［B］an apparatus for achieving good health.
［C］the poor imitation of true inner health.
［D］the good knowledge of health and disease.
48.The example of the porcelain jar illustrate the
［A］importance of shape,colour and texture.
［B］ugliness of spiders and stinking slime.
［C］connection between inner and outer self.
［D］gap between appearance and contents.
49.The two American girls offer an example of what the author calls
［A］unawareness.［B］greed.［C］deadly sins.［D］stupidity.
50.The author probably writes this article to
［A］praise beauty campaigns success.
［B］demonstrate the improved living standards.
［C］suggest the importance of inner qualities.
［D］predict the future of beauty industry.

Text 3

The marvelous telephone and television network that has now enmeshed the whole world,making all men neighbours,cannot be extendedsintosspace.It will never be possible to converse with anyone on another planet.Even with todays radio equipment,the messages will take minutes-sometimes hours-on their journey,because radio and light waves travel at the same limited speed of 186，000miles a second.

Twenty years from now you will be able to listen to a friend on Mars,but the words you hear will have left his mouth at least three minutes earlier,and your reply will take a corresponding time to reach him.In such circumstances,an exchange of verbal messages is possible-but not a conversation.

To a culture which has come to take instantaneous communication for granted,as part of the very structure of civilized life,this "time barrier"may have a profound psychological impact.It will be a perpetual reminder of universal laws and limitations against which not all our technology can ever prevail.For it seems as certain as anything can be that no signal-still less any material object-can ever travel faster than light.

The velocity of light is the ultimate speed limit,being part of the very structure of space and time.Within the narrow confines of the solar system,it will not handicap us too severely.At the worst,these will amount to twenty hours-the time it takes a radio signal to span the orbit of Pluto,the outermost planet.

It is when we move out beyond the confines of the solar system that we come face to face with an altogether newsgroupsof cosmic reality.Even today,many otherwise educated men-like those savages who can count to three but lump together all numbers beyond four-cannot grasp the profound distinction between solar and stellar space.The first is the space enclosing our neighbouring worlds,the planets;the second is that which embraces those distant suns,the stars,and it is literally millions of times greater.There is no such abrupt change of scale in the terrestrial affairs.

Many conservative scientists,appalled by these cosmic gulfs,have denied that they can ever be crossed.Some people never learn;those who sixty years ago scoffed at the possibility of flight,and ten years ago laughed at the idea of travel to the planets,are now quite sure that the stars will always be beyond our reach.And again they are wrong,for they have failed to grasp the great lesson of our age-that if something is possible in theory,and no fundamental scientific laws oppose its realization,then sooner or later it will be achieved.

One day we shall discover a really efficient means of propelling our space vehicles.Every technical device is always developed to its limit and the ultimate speed for spaceships is the velocity of light.They will never reach that goal,but they will get very near it.And then the nearest star will be less than five years voyaging from the earth.

51.For light to travel across the solar system,it will take
［A］a year.［B］nearly a day.
［C］two months.［D］thirty minutes.
52.The fact that it will never be possible to converse with someone on another planet shows that
［A］radio messages do not travel fast enough.
［B］no object can ever travel faster than light.
［C］western culture has a special idea of communication.
［D］certain universal laws cannot be prevailed against.
53.Confronted with the newsgroupsof cosmic reality,many educated men
［A］become ignorant savage again.
［B］find the "time barrier"unbearable.
［C］will not combine solar and stellar space.
［D］cannot adapt to the abrupt change of scale.
54.Conservative scientists who deny that cosmic gulfs can ever be crossed will
［A］laugh at the very idea of flight.
［B］learn a lesson as they did ten years ago.
［C］find space travel beyond their reach.
［D］oppose the fundamental scientific laws.
55.The author of the passage,readers can infer,intends to show the
［A］limitations of our technology.
［B］vastness of the cosmic reality.
［C］prospect of planetary travel.
［D］psychological impact of time and space.

Text 4

Pursuing free trade through WTO has many attractions.Countries bind themselves and their trading partners to transparent and nondiscriminatory trade rules,which the WTO then enforces evenhandedly.Since most governments operate on the premise that opening domestic markets is a concession to be traded for access to foreign markets,multilateral liberalization is often the most effective route to free trade.

A successful WTO round requires two big bargains to be struck:a transatlantic deal between America and the EU and a northsouth deal between the rich and the poor.Yet at Seattle this year there is a long way to go before such broad bargains can be considered,let alone struck.

America wants a few priority issues to be settled.Its list includes an extension of the dutyfree status of ecommerce,a broader IT pact,reform of the WTO disputesettlement system,increased WTO transparency and the phaseout of tariffs in eight sectors including chemicals,energy products and environmental products.The EU on the other hand professes to want a more comprehensive approach that focuses on removing tariff peaks for such imports as textiles,glass and footwear,but would preserve tariff preferences for developing countries.

The biggest obstacle may be the insistence of many developing countries that they will block further liberalization until their gripes over the Uruguay round are addressed.They want their obligations in areas such as intellectual property,investor protection,subsidies and antidumping to be eased.They argue that the Uruguay round has failed to deliver expected benefits in such areas as agriculture and textiles.

Though by no means a monolithic block,the developing countries share a feeling that whatever the promise of liberalization at the WTO,rich countries will conspire to keep their markets closed.Indeed,the EU insists that freeing trade should be "controlled,steered and managed according to the concerns of EU citizens".That is in keeping with a view,widespread on the continent,that "a protectionist trade policy is a price readily paid for political objectives".

However great these obstacles are,they could be overcome if America were still leading the drive for freer world trade.With its economy doing well,greater access to foreign markets seems a less pressing priority.The Clinton administration is unwilling to make politically painful concessions required to achieve that aim.So there is a possibility that the Seattle round will turn out to be a fiasco.If that happens,it will encourage the antiWTO groups to go on the offensive.America,the EU and Japan would increasingly be tempted by managed trade.

56.The WTOs transparent and nondiscriminatory rules require all member countries to
［A］exchange domestic markets for foreign markets.
［B］make concessions in foreign trade.
［C］adopt the most effective route to free trade.
［D］enforce trade policies evenhandedly.
57.The difference between America and the EU is over
［A］ecommerce.［B］WTO transparency.
［C］agenda.［D］tariffs.
58.The developing countries threaten to block further liberalization because they
［A］are now conspiring to keep their markets closed.
［B］want their problems and complaints to be dealt with first.
［C］cannot afford to deliver benefits in agriculture and textile.
［D］want no obligations in intellectual property and antidumping.
59."Managed trade"in the last sentence probably means
［A］market management.［B］trade protectionism.
［C］trade concession.［D］market priority.
60.The author of the passage seems to be about the prospect of globalization and free trade.
［A］optimistic［B］doubtful［C］impartial[D.]vague

Part B

Directions：

Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined sentencessintosChinese.Your translation must be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2.(10points)

The 1960s saw the great civil rights movement whose goals were to end segregation(种族隔离)laws completely and fight for the equal rights for the colored people.Many American blacks began to have a new mood.They declared that "black is beautiful",and the black community showed signs of unprecedented selfconfidence.(61)Equally important,many black leaders began to disclaim full integrationsintosthe American mainstream as the goal of the black minority.(62)Instead,they argued,blacks ought to coexist with other groups in a plural society containing different and distinctive communities living in mutual respect.

The elimination of legal barriers to advancement has been a major gain for the blacks,but institutionalized discrimination is still rife.Housing,in particular,remains highly segregated:the great majority of blacks continue to live in neighborhoods that are overwhelmingly black,and most whites live in neighborhoods that are overwhelmingly white.(63)Busing and other programs aimed at integrating the schools have had some impact in innercity areas but have made virtually no difference to the segregation that exists between the predominantly black urban centers and the predominantly white suburbs and small towns that surround them.Median family income of blacks rose from ，230in 1960to ，142in 1977,but the median income of white families rose at least as fast,and the income gap between the two groups has widened in recent years.(64)A major source of this differential is the fact that blacks tend to be barred from positions of authority over other workers,and are restricted instead to lowerpaying jobs further down the workplace hierarchy.This factor alone accounts for about a third of the total blackwhite income gap.

(65)Race relations between black and white still leave much to be desired,although there is unmistakable evidence of some improvements in attitudes.However,there is a sharp divergence between the races on the question of how much progress has been made in ending discrimination.The majority of whites believe that there has been a lot of progress in getting rid of discrimination,but more than half of the blacks felt that there has not been much real change.Only less than 20%of the whites believe that many blacks miss out on jobs and promotion in their city because of discrimination.Many blacks are still pessimistic about progress in race relations.

SectionⅣWriting

66.Directions：

Family relations have changed in recent years in China,as we have more and more onechild household.

There has been a discussion recently on this issue in a newspaper.Write an essay to the newspaper to express your views.

Your argument should be based on the following cartoon and should cover these points:

1)a description of the cartoon and the problems it reveals

2)the current situation in Chinese families

3)your suggestions and comments

You should write about 200words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2.(20points)

答案：

SectionⅠListening Comprehension(20points)

Part A

1.double 2.400 3.23July 4.3 5.75

Part B

6.animal medicine 7.animal owners 8.too much food 9.their wealth 10.30years

Part C

11.D 12.A 13.B 14.B 15.C 16.A 17.B 18.A 19.C 20.C

SectionⅡUse of English (10points)

21.C 22.A 23.B 24.D 25.C 26.C 27.D 28.A 29.A 30.B 31.A 
32.C 33.B 34.D 35.C 36.A 37.B 38.C 39.D 40.D

SectionⅢReading Comprehension (50points)

Part A

Text 1：41.D 42.D 43.A 44.C 45.B

Text 2：46.A 47.C 48.D 49.A 50.C

Text 3：51.B 52.D 53.D 54.B 55.C

Text 4：56.A 57.C 58.B 59.B 60.B

Part B

61.同样重要的是，许多黑人领袖开始主张放弃把完全融入美国主流社会作为黑人少数民族奋斗的目标。

62.相反，他们主张，黑人应该与其他民族共存，生活在一个各种不同社会群体包容其中、并相互尊重的多元化社会中。

63.为促进校园种族融合的汽车接送和其他计划在市区内取得了一定效果，但对存在于主要由黑人居住的城市中心和主要由白人居住的郊区及卫星城之间的种族隔离几乎没有起到任何作用。

64.这种差别的主要来源是，黑人往往被排斥在管理其他工人的领导职位之外，并被限制在劳动等级制度下层的低收入职业。

65.黑人与白人的种族关系仍然有许多可望改善的地方，虽然有显著的证据表明在看法上有一定的提高。

SectionⅣWriting (20points)

Model Essay:

Family planning is one of the basic policies of our country.It aims at controlling the fast growing population.By 2001,we already have 1.2billion people,a number which is about to become too big for the country to support.In this circumstance,familyplanning policy should be firmly implemented.

But as we have more and more onechild households,family relations have changed.The only child in the family becomes the center of attention and his wishes are always obeyed.The cartoon shows that the child has become the head of the family while the grandparents,the traditional heads of the family,are reduced to the bottom of the hierarchy.

Too much care is no good for the childs healthy development.He will grow up to think that he is the center of the society and that everyone should care for him and obey his wishes.He will become selfish and selfcentered.And a child growing up in a rich and sheltered condition will have little psychological strength for difficulties and failures.Problems like these have not yet received full attention from our society and our educational system.

I suggest that parents try to cultivate a balanced mind in their child.Parents should talk to their children about the problems they may have and let them understand what life is really like.They should try to teach their children to care for others and cultivate a spirit of cooperation.Only in this way can the single child grow upsintosa healthy adult.

