全国硕士研究生入学考试英语冲刺试题(三)

Section Ⅱ Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mar k A,B,C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　Education is too important to take 21 . When people take anything too seriously, they put 22 blinders which cause them to miss the important aspects of 23 is going on around them. They 24 “tunnel vision,” which limits and distorts their perception of 25 . Education is too important to be limited by those who have chosen to wear blinders and develop tunnel vision.

　　I believe the 26 movement has encouraged many educators to take education too seriously. 27 we take education too seriously, we put standardized 28 scores above children we put lesson plans above teachers, and we put on our blinders, only to see a rather small segment of the child ― that segment that can be 29 easily 30 than looking at the child as a whole. By looking at the whole student, we can get a 31 of whether that student enjoys learning, 32 , functioning well with others, and feels good 33 himself.

　　How can we 34 off our blinders? How can we eliminate tunnel vision to see the whole child? How can we 35 take everything s o seriously? My recommendation is 36 laugh, teach, laugh!

　　Psychologists have 37 believed that negative motions cause negative chemical changes in the body. We know the 38 is also t rue. We know that a person with a good sense of humor has better healing 39 . Laughter actually relaxes the muscles, allows the heartbeat, and lowers blood pressure. Laughter stirs the inside and gets the endocrine system moving, which can be quite 40 in alleviating disease. Laughter also relieves boredom, tension, guilt, depression, headaches, and backaches.

21.［A］easily ［B］seriously ［C］up ［D］over
22.［A］on ［B］off ［C］up ［D］down
23.［A］which ［B］what ［C］somewhat ［D］something
24.［A］develop ［B］improve ［C］become ［D］turn
25.［A］education ［B］practice ［C］reality ［D］world
26.［A］accountable ［B］accounting
   ［C］accountant ［D］accountability
27.［A］Because ［B］For ［C］While ［D］When
28.［A］examinations ［B］checks ［C］tests ［D］quizes
29.［A］viewed ［B］measured ［C］got ［D］found
30.［A］rather ［B］more ［C］further ［D］less
31.［A］news ［B］knowledge ［C］sense ［D］information
32.［A］and ［B］is ［C］enjoys ［D］does
33.［A］at ［B］to ［C］with ［D］about
34.［A］put ［B］take ［C］get ［D］move
35.［A］not ［B］really ［C］all ［D］but
36.［A］here ［B］easy ［C］simple ［D］this
37.［A］recently ［B］already ［C］firmly ［D］long
38.［A］answer ［B］opposite ［C］alternative ［D］other
39.［A］qualities ［B］abilities
   ［C］characters ［D］qualifications
40.［A］instructive ［B］efficient ［C］beneficial ［D］profitable

Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,B,C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

Perhaps most challenging is the set of skills required to produce a written assignment, the most common means by which student learning is evaluated. This demands a critical evaluation of a potentially large amount of required reading.

　　The reading required to perform writing tasks requires a set of effective strategies with which many students may be unfamiliar. The texts themselves may vary greatly in both content and style from subject to subject but all require the same critical analysis of conceptually complicated material.

　　Similarly, the experience of speaking before an audience will almost certainly be a new experience for most undergraduates. Again, students are expected to critically evaluate issues and to contribute to the discussion or analysis. Participation in these discussions often forms part of a student’s course assessment and those who fail to express themselves may gain lower grades.

　　Many students find the experience of attending university lectures to be a confusing and frustrating experience. The lecturer speaks for one or two hours, perhaps illustrating the talk with slides, writing up important information on the blackboard, distributing reading material and giving out assignments. The new student sees the other students continuously writing on notebooks and wonders what to write. Very often the student leaves the lecture with notes which do not catch the main points and which become hard even for the student himself to understand.

　　Most institutions provide courses which assist new students to develop the skills they need to be effective listeners and note takers. If these are unavailable there are many useful study-skill guides which enable learners to practice these skills independently. In all cases it is important to tackle the problem before actually starting your studies. If you leave it until after your course begins, you may find that you are not able to study and to learn how to study at the same time.

It is important to acknowledge that most students have difficulty in acquiring t h e language skills required in college study. One way of overcoming these difficulties is to attend the language and study skill classes which most institutions provide throughout the academic year. Another basic strategy is to find a study partner with whom it is possible to identify difficulties,exchange ideas and provide support.

The acquisition of effective language and study skills is a process which continues throughout undergraduate life and is itself a fundamental component of a university education.

41. The text is mainly about .
［A］the necessity of getting much knowledge
［B］the training of writing at college
［C］the importance of learning how to study
［D］the training of reading ability
42. The author advises students to .
［A］read and think critically
［B］take as many notes as possible
［C］speak bravely
［D］take a lot of courses
43. The primary purpose of the first three paragraphs is to ____.
［A］illustrate the importance of language skills
［B］illustrate the importance of language and study skills
［C］advise the college students to challenge their reading and speaking s kills
［D］advise the college students to challenge their reading, speaking and listening skills
44. Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?
［A］Most students are confused by traditional teaching.
［B］Most teachers fail to teach students how to learn.
［C］Taking notes in class is not so important.
［D］Learning how to learn is just as important as what to learn.
45. When speaking before an audience, it is important for a student to
［A］give his own comments
［B］speak clearly enough
［C］show his knowledge from books
［D］notice the audience’s reaction

Text 2

　　Americans today have different eating habits than in the past. There is a wide selection of food available. They have a broader knowledge of nutrition, so they buy more fresh fruit and vegetables than ever before. At the same time, American s purchase increasing quantities of sweets, snacks and sodas.

　　Statistics show that the way people live determines the way they eat. American life styles have changed. They now include growing numbers of people who live alone, single parents and children, and double income families. These changing life styles are responsible for the increasing number of people who must rush meals or sometimes skip them altogether. Many Americans have less time than ever before to spend preparing food. Partly as a consequence of this limited time, 60 per cent of all American homes now have microwave ovens. Moreover, Americans eat out nearly four times a week on the average.

　　It is easy to study the amounts and kinds of food that people consume. The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the food industry growers, processors, marketers and restaurateurs compile sales statistics and keep accurate records. This information not only tells us what people are eating but also tells us about the changes in attitudes and tastes. Red meat, which used to be the most popular choice for dinner, is no longer an American favorite. Instead, chicken s, turkey, and fish have become more popular. Sales of these foods have greatly increased in recent years. This is probably a result of the awareness of the dangers of eating food which contains high levels of cholesterol, or animal fat. Doctors believe that cholesterol is threat to human health.

　　According to a recent survey, Americans also change their eating patterns to meet the needs of different situations. They have certain ideas about which foods will increase their athletic ability, help them lose weight, make them alert for business meetings, or put them in the mood for romance. For example, Americans choose paste, fruit, and vegetables, which supply them with carbohydrates, to give them strength for physical activity, such as sports. Adults choose foods rich in fiber, such as bread and cereal, for breakfast, and salads for lunch to prepare them for business appointment. For romantic dinners, however, Americans choose shrimp and lobster. While many of these ideas are based on nutritional facts, some are not.

　　American’s awareness of nutrition, along with their changing tastes and needs, leads them to consume a wide variety of foods ― foods for health, for fun, and simply for good taste.

46. Americans have different eating habits today chiefly because ____.
［A］there are more shops and restaurants in the country
［B］a great number of families have microwave ovens
［C］their life styles are different now
［D］they are busier with their work than before
47. People have reduced their eating of red meat for the sake of ____.
［A］keeping healthy
［B］losing weight
［C］eating more other foods
［D］saving money
48. Some people believe that eating salads ____.
［A］makes them physically strong
［B］keeps them alert for business meetings
［C］helps them lose weight
［D］makes them romantic
49. Which of the following is TRUE according to the text?
［A］American meals become rich and timeconsuming.
［B］Modern household machines have brought about a great revolution to Americanseating habit.
［C］People’s eating patterns are becoming more scientific.
［D］People eat totally different things for different occasions.
50. In the text, the author is primarily interested in which of the following?
［Ⅰ］Analyzing why Americans alter their eating patterns.
［Ⅱ］Analyzing why Americans eat out nearly four times a week on the av erage.
［Ⅲ］Analyzing why 60% of all American homes now have microwave ovens.
［Ⅳ］Analyzing why redmeat is no longer an American favorite.
［A］Ⅰ only
［B］Ⅱ and Ⅲ only
［C］Ⅱ and Ⅳ only
［D］Ⅰ, Ⅱ, Ⅲ and Ⅳ

Text 3

　　Various innovations have been introduced as ways to break out of the rigid system which marches students, lockstep fashion, through a series of identical class rooms in which teachers do most of the talking and students have little opportunity to respond.

　　Among these innovations are team teaching and teacher aides, nongraded elementary and secondary schools, independent study, curricula focused on helping students discover things for themselves rather than on trying to tell them everything, and schools designed for maximum flexibility so that students can work alone, or in small groups, or take part in large group instruction via diverse media.

　　The aim of these innovations ― organisational, curricular, and technological ― is to adapt instruction more precisely to the needs of each individual student. Many people who have an aversion to organising instruction scientifically and to bringing new technology into the schools and colleges fail to realize that the present system is in many respects mechanical and rigid. The vast differences in the ways students learn are disregarded when they are taught the same thing in the same way, at the same time.

　　As a result, many students themselves feel little enthusiasm and even outright hostility for the present way schools and collegs are organized and instruction is handled. Many of them resent technology, but what they object to is usually technology patched on as an expedient for handling a large number of students. Or it is programming which merely reproduces conventional classroom teaching.

　　What instruction requires is an arrangement of resources whereby the student responds and learns, reaching new plateaus from which to climb to higher levels of understanding. Implicit in such an arrangement, if it is to be effective, is the adaptability of the process to the individual student’s differences in pace, temperament, background, and style of learning.

51. The main goal of the teaching innovations is ____.
［A］to introduce new technology into classroom teaching
［B］to make instruction meet each individual students needs
［C］to put different students in different classrooms
［D］to eliminate largegroup instruction
52. In a traditional classroom, the teacher .
［A］taught all the students in the same way
［B］encouraged problem solving activities
［C］gave students opportunities to make comments
［D］allowed students to work independently
53. In a new type instruction, the teacher ____.
［A］gives the newest knowledge to the students
［B］makes sure that the teaching material be wellunderstood
［C］does not use largegroup classroom teaching
［D］respects different learning styles of the students
54. According to the author, some teachers object to bringing technology into schools and colleges because .
［A］they would lose their jobs that way
［B］they would lose control of the classroom
［C］they ignore the flexibility of teaching methods
［D］they believe it makes teaching mechanical
55. What is the authors tone towards the subject of the text?
［A］Indifferent. ［B］Disapproving. ［C］Approving. ［D］Sarcastic.

Text 4

　　The molecules of carbon dioxide in the Earths atmosphere affect the heat balance of the Earth by acting as a one way screen. Although these molecules allow radiation at visible wavelengths, where most of the energy of sunlight is concentrated, to pass through, they absorb some of the longer wavelength, infrared emissions radiated from the Earths surface, radiation that would otherwise be transmitted back into space. For the Earth to maintain a constant average temperature , such emissions from the planet must balance incoming solar radiation. If there were no carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, heat would escape from the Earth much more easily. The surface temperature would be so much lower that the oceans might be a solid mass of ice.

　　Today, however, the potential problem is too much carbon dioxide. The burning of fossil fules and the clearing of forests have increased atmospheric carbon dioxide by about 15 percent in the last hundred years, and we continue to add carbon dioxide to the atmosphere. Could the increase in carbon dioxide cause a global rise in average temperature, and could such a rise have serious consequence s for human society? Mathematical models that allow us to calculate the rise in temperature as a function of the increase indicate that the answer is probably yes.

　　Under present conditions a temperature of -18℃ can be observed at an altitude o f 5 to 6 kilometers above the Earth. Below this altitude (called the radiating level), the temperature increases by about 6℃ per kilometer approaching the Earth’s surface, where the average temperature is about 15℃. An increase in the amount of carbon dioxide means that there are more molecules of carbon dioxide to abs orb infrared radiation. As the capacity of the atmosphere to absorb infrared radiation increases, the radiating level and temperature of the surface must rise.

　　One mathematical model predicts that doubling the atmospheric carbon dioxide would raise the global mean surface temperature by 2.5℃. This model assumes that the atmospheres relative humidity remains constant and the temperature decreases with altitude at a rate of 6.5℃ per kilometer.The assumption of contant relative humidity is important,because water vapor in the atmosphere is another efficient absorber of radiation at infrared wavelengths. Because warm air can hold more moisture than cool air,the relative humidity will be constant only if the amount of water vapor in the atmosphere increases as the temperature rises.Therefore,more infrared radiation would be absorbed and reradiated back to the Earth’s surface. The resultant warming at the surface could be expected to melt snow and ice, reducing the Earth’s reflectivity. More solar radiation would then be absorbed leading to further increase in temperature.

56. According to the text, the greatest part of the solar energy that reaches the Earth is .
［A］reflected back to space by snow and ice
［B］concentrated at visible wavelengths
［C］absorbed by carbon dioxide molecules
［D］absorbed by atmospheric water vapor
57. According to the text, which of the following is TRUE of the last hundred years?
［A］Fossil fuels were burned for the first time.
［B］The average temperature at the Earths surface has become 2℃ cooler.
［C］The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased measurably.
［D］The amount of farmland worldwide has doubled.
58. Which of the following best describes the author’s attitude toward the increasing amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and it’s consequences?
［A］Objective yet concerned.
［B］Angry yet resigned.
［C］Completely detached.
［D］Incredulous.
59. It can be concluded from information contained in the text that the average temperature at an altitude of 1 kilometer above the Earth is about _____.
［A］15℃ ［B］-18℃ ［C］2.5℃ ［D］9℃
60. The primary purpose of the text is to ____.
［A］discuss the significance of increasing the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
［B］warn of the dangers of continued burning of fossil fuels
［C］explain how a constant temperature is maintained on the Earth’s surface
［D］demonstrate the usefulness of mathematical models in predicting longrange climatic change

Part B

Directions:
  Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese.Your translation should be written clearly on A NSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)Choosing a travel companion is at least as uncertain as choosing a marriage partner. The chances of success are perhaps even less. 61) The initial stages of both journeys are filled with enthusiasms, indulgences(迷恋), and a fairly consistent closing of the eyes to that which may later become, if not unacceptable , at the very least unpleasant.

　　No law of causality exists to insist that in choosing a travel companion you will lose a friend. But its not unlikely. The odds depends on the length and the rigorousness of the trip. 62) Some friendships have a strength that will withstand even travel; others, based on happenchance(偶然事件), are by nature short lived and travel merely hastens their dissolution.

　　Perhaps I should make it clear that in discussing this matter of travel companions I am confining myself to friendships of the mind and spirit. Intimate friends may well be the best companions of all, but entirely different rules of travel prevail. 63) Compromises and concessions, demands and entreaties(恳求) to and from such companions clearly stem from a recognized emotional base that colours every issue. I’ll confine myself, then to companions, male or female, who are sharing a trip solely for company.

　　64) Why bother at all with a travel companion but not travel alone,in single blessedness, unburdened and swiftly pursuing ones goal? Some of the answers are obvious: a pleasant fellow traveller eases the stress and tensions, adds to the delights and rewards and pays half the bills. 65) If the threat of loneliness is frightening, even a badtempered companion will prevent that, and quite often bring you to the point of where you sincerely wish you were alone.

　　Finding that suitable companion is something of an art and something of a gamble. But the choice should be determined by one cardinal rule: Both travellers should be going on the trip with the same idea in mind. They should hold in common a theory of travel.

Section Ⅳ Writing

Directions:
　　To tell or not to tell the truth to a dying patient has long been a controversial problem. Describe the two different opinions, and then give your comment.

You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWEER SHEET 2. (20 Points)