全国硕士研究生入学考试英语冲刺试题 (一)

Section Ⅱ Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mar k A,B,C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

A market is commonly thought of as a place where commodities are bought and sold . Thus fruit and vegetables are sold wholesale at Covent Garden Market and meat is sold wholesale at Smithfield Market. But there are markets for things 21 commodities, in the usual sense. There are 22 estate markets, foreign exchange markets, labour markets, short term capital markets, and so on; there may be a market for anything which has a price. And there may be no particular place 23 dealings are confined. Buyers and sellers may be 24 over the whole world and instead of actually meeting together in a market place they may deal with one another 25 telephone, telegram, cable or letter. 26 dealings are 27 to a particular place, the dealers may consist wholly or in part of agents 28 instructions from clients far away. Thus agents buy meat at Smithfield 29 retail butchers all over England; and 30 on the London Stock Exchange buy and sell 31 on instructions from clients all over the world. We must therefore define a market 32 any area over which buyers and sellers are 33 such close touch with one another, either directly or 34 dealers, that the prices 35 in one p art of the market affect the prices paid in other parts.

Modern means of communication are so rapid that a buyer can discover 36 asking, and can accept it if he wishes, 37 he may be thousands of miles away. Thus the market for anything is,38,the whole world. But in fact things have, normally only a local or nation al market.

This may be because nearly the whole demand is concentrated 39 one locality. These special local demands, 40 , are of quit e minor importance. The main reason why many things have not a world market is t hat they are costly or difficult to transport.

21.［A］rather than ［B］other than ［C］more than ［D］less than
22.［A］true ［B］genuine ［C］real ［D］actual
23.［A］for which ［B］with which ［C］at which ［D］to which
24.［A］scattered ［B］separated ［C］spread ［D］dispelled
25.［A］from ［B］by ［C］at ［D］on
26.［A］Though ［B］Unless ［C］When ［D］Even if
27.［A］fixed ［B］determined ［C］restricted ［D］restrained
28.［A］acting for ［B］acting out ［C］acting on ［D］acting up
29.［A］on the occasion of ［B］on behalf of
   ［C］on account of ［D］on the score of
30.［A］brokers ［B］breakers ［C］bribers ［D］braziers
31.［A］security ［B］securities ［C］safety ［D］safeties
32.［A］like ［B］as ［C］for ［D］to
33.［A］on ［B］to ［C］in ［D］for
34.［A］by ［B］by means of ［C］through ［D］in the interest of
35.［A］obtrusive ［B］obstinate ［C］obvious ［D］obtainable
36.［A］what a price a seller is ［B］what price is a seller
   ［C］what is price a seller ［D］what price a seller is
37.［A］although ［B］while ［C］unless ［D］since
38.［A］definitely ［B］potentially ［C］generally ［D］liter ally
39.［A］for ［B］on ［C］in ［D］upon
40.［A］furthermore ［B］however ［C］therefore ［D］then

   Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,B,C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

Practically speaking, the artistic maturing of the cinema was the single-handed achievement of David W. Griffith(1875-1948). Before Griffith, photography in dramatic films consisted of little more than placing the actors before a stationary camera and showing them in full length as they would have appeared on stage. From the beginning of his career as a director, however, Griffith, because of his love of Victorian painting, employed composition. He conceived of the camera image as having a foreground and a rear ground, as well as the middle distance preferred by most directors. By 1910 he was using close ups to reveal significant details of the scene or of the acting and extreme long shots to achieve a sense of spectacle and distance. His appreciation of the cameras possibilities produced novel dramatic effects. By splitting an event into fragments and recording each from the most suitable camera position, he could significantly vary the emphasis from camera shot to camera shot.

Griffith also achieved dramatic effects by means of creative editing. By placing images close together and varying the speed and rhythm of their presentation, he could control the dramatic intensity of the events as the story progressed. Despite the reluctance of his producers, who feared that the public would not be able to follow a plot that was made up of such arranged images, Griffith persisted , and experimented as well with other elements of cinematic syntax that have become standard ever since. These included the flashback, permitting broad psychological and emotional exploration as well as narrative that was not in time order, and the crosscut between two parallel actions to heighten suspense and excitement. In thus exploiting fully the possibilities of editing, Griffith borrowed dev ices of the Victorian novel in filmmaking and gave film mastery of time as well as space.

Besides developing the cinemas language, Griffith immensely broadened its range and treatment of subjects. His early output included not only the standard come dies, melodramas, westerns, and thrillers, but also adaptations from Browning and Tennyson, and treatments of social issues. As his successes mounted, his ambitions grew, and with them the whole of American cinema. When he remade Enoch Arden in 1911, he insisted that a subject of such importance could not be treated in the conventional length of one reel.Griffith’s introduction of the American-made multireel picture began an immense revolution. Two years later,Judith of Bethulia, an elaborate historico-philosophical spectacle, reached the unprecedented length of four reels, or one hour’s running time. From our contemporary viewpoint, the pretensions of this film may seem a trifle ludicrous, but at the time it provoked endless debate and discussion and gave a new intellectual respectability to the cinema.

41. The primary purpose of the text is to ____.

［A］discuss the importance of Griffith to the development of the cinema
［B］describe the impact on cinema of the Victorian literature and art
［C］analyze the changes in the cinema brought by the introduction of the multi reel film
［D］emphasize Griffiths impact on the choice of subject matter in American films
42. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as an aspect directly influenced by Griffith’s film innovations?
［A］Camera work.
［B］Film editing.
［C］Range and treatment of subjects.
［D］Music composing.
43. It can be inferred from the text that before 1910 the normal running time of a film was ____.
［A］15 minutes or less
［B］between 15 and 30 minutes
［C］between 30 and 60 minutes
［D］1 hour or more
44. It can be inferred from the text that Griffith would be most likely to agree with which of the following statements?
［A］The good director will attempt to explore new idea as quickly as possible.
［B］The most important element contributing to a films success is the ability of the actors.
［C］The camera must be considered an integral and active element in the creation of a film.
［D］The cinema should emphasize serious and sober examinations of fundamental human problems.
45. The author’s attitude toward photography in the cinema before Griffith can best be described as ____.
［A］sympathetic ［B］amused ［C］condescending ［D］hostile

Text 2

Research is commonly divided into “applied” and “pure”. This classification is arbitrary and loose, but what is usually meant is that applied research is a deliberate investigation of a problem of practical importance, in contradistinction to pure research done to gain knowledge for its own sake. The pure scientist may be said to accept as an act of faith that any scientific knowledge is worth pursuing for its own sake, and, if pressed, he usually claims that in most instances it is eventually found to be useful. Most of the greatest discoveries, such as the discovery of electricity, Xrays, radium and atomic energy, originated from pure research, which allows the worker to follow unexpected, interesting clue s without the intention of achieving results of practical value. In applied research it is the project which is given support, whereas in pure research it is the man. However, often the distinction between pure and applied research is a superficial one as it may merely depend on whether or not the subject investigated is one of practical importance. For example, the investigation of the life cycle of a protozoon (原生动物) in a pond is pure research, but if the protozoon studied is a parasite of man or domestic animal the research would be termed applied . A more fundamental differentiation, which corresponds only very roughly with t he applied and pure classification is (a) that in which the objective is given and the means of obtaining it are sought, and (b) that in which the disco very is first made and then a use for it is sought.

There exists in some circles a certain amount of intellectual snobbery (势利) and tendency to look disdainfully on applied investigation. This attitude is based on the following two false ideas: that new knowledge is only discovered by pure research while applied research merely seeks to apply knowledge already available, and that pure research is a higher intellectual activity because it require s greater scientific ability and is more difficult. Both these ideas are quite wrong. Important new knowledge has frequently arisen from applied investigation; for instance, the science of bacteriology (细菌学) originated largely from Pasteur’s investigations of practical problems in the beer, wine and silkworm (蚕) industries. Usually it is more difficult to get results in applied research than in pure research, because the worker has to stick to and solve a given problem instead of following any promising clue that may turn up. Also in applied research most fields have already been well worked over and many of the easy and obvious things have been done. Applied research should not be confused with the routine practice of some branch of science where only the application of existing know ledge is attempted. There is need for both pure and applied research for they tend to be complementary.

46. In applied investigation,____.
［A］research workers are allowed to follow unexpected, interesting clues
［B］scientists make a discovery first, and then try to use it
［C］it is the man who is given support
［D］results of practical value are to be achieved
47. Some people look down on applied research because they think that ____.
［A］it is a kind of prearranged investigation
［B］no new knowledge can arise from applied research
［C］it is more difficult to get results in applied research than in pure research
［D］no specific scientific ability is needed in applied research
48. According to the author, ____.
［A］the investigation of the life cycle of a protozoon is undoubtedly pure research
［B］pure scientists tend to look down upon applied investigation
［C］the discovery of Xrays was made in applied research
［D］the classification of research into “pure” and “applied” is neither accurate nor impersonal
49. It can be inferred from the text that ____.
［A］ pure research and applied research are equally difficult
［B］ applied investigation requires greater scientific ability
［C］ applied research is not inferior to pure research
［D］ in both pure research and applied research any scientific knowledge is worth seeking
50. Which of the following most accurately describe the pattern of the text?
  ［A］The author first refutes the classification of research and then analyze the reasons for the intellectual snobbery and tendency to look down on the one of the two.
［B］The author first refutes the classification of research into the pure and the applied and then presents his own classification.
［C］The author first refutes the classification of research into the pure and the applied and then points out that the classification results from two false ideas.
［D］The author first points out the practical importance of applied research and then criticize those who look down on applied research.

Text 3

Most of us would like to feel we have some influence over what happens around us and to us. Citizens speak out to influence policy on use of nuclear power, conserving the environment and endangered animals, local and state taxes,the appropriate use of funds by organizations of which they are members, proper land use an d the nature of education in the public schools, and a host of other issues. Some of these affect the speakers immediate selfinterest, others are attempts to make the social environment conform more closely to their own ideals. To speak on such matters effectively enough to influence the opinions and actions of others is to exercise power.

Even in jobs relying on technical specialization, the opportunities and demands for public speaking skills remain more common than many college students realize. The engineer finds that if his career is to advance he must be willing to accept management duties that include speaking to groups of employees, or he must serve as a spokesperson for consultant teams presenting results to agencies outside the company. The certified public accountant finds an opportunity to teach classes in her area of speculation. The dentist had to give speeches as an officer of his dental association.

Sometimes you may have to make a speech as part of your duties in your job or organization. Perhaps more frequently you will have opportunities where you speak voluntarily, as when you speak out in a meeting. Some of these speaking situations will be of little consequence; you will feel better if you do the speech well, but it will not really make much difference. In other situations, the speech may be significant for groups you represent, or for the audience. In any of these situations, it is comforting to know that you can do at least an adequate job. And you may not be content merely to get through the task adequately. To be able t o increase listeners understanding or to persuade them is one of the most civilized ways we as individuals have for affecting our environment.

Some beginning speech students are surprised to discover that they can give a public speech at all, much less the skillful and effective ones they will be producing by the end of the course. The primary purposes of a speech course are to expand your understanding of techniques and strategies in public speaking, and to give you some practice so that you will be more confident and effective in more situations. With skill and confidence you develop a power to benefit both yourself and the society around you.

51. An effective speaking ability will benefit ____.
［A］the audience ［B］the speaker himself ［C］his boss ［D］all of the above
52. You need to speak effectively ____.
［A］if you are a student      ［B］it you are an engineer
［C］if you want to study well ［D］if you want to influence others
53. The purpose of the speech course does NOT include the training of the speaker’s ____.
［A］confidence in speaking           ［B］effectiveness in speaking
［C］understanding of speaking skills ［D］listening comprehension
54. It is implied in the text that ____.
［A］human beings enjoy employing influence on others
［B］citizens like to affect the speaker’s immediate self interest
［C］engineers must speak to groups of employees if he wants his career to advance
［D］dentists must associate his speech with an officer
55. Which of the following is NOT true according to the text?
［A］For a speaker, all speaking situations are equally important.
［B］Not all speaking situations are equally important for a speaker.
［C］Sometimes, you need more than just to get satisfaction from your speech.
［D］To persuade others is more civilized than to force them to do something.

Text 4

Exchange a glance with someone, then look away. Do you realize that you have made a statement? Hold the glance for a second longer, and you have made a different statement. Hold it for 3 seconds, and the meaning has changed again. For every social situation, there is a permissible time that you can hold a person’s gaze without being intimate, rude or aggressive.

If you are on an elevator, what gaze time are you permitted? To answer this question, consider what you typically do. You very likely give other passengers a quick glance to size them up and to assure them that you intend to threat. Since being close to another person signals the possibility of interaction, you need to emit a signal telling others you want to be left alone. So you cut off eye contact, what sociologist Erving Goffman dubs “a dimming of the lights.” You look down at the floor, at the indicator lights, anywhere but into another passenger’ s eyes. Should you violate the rule against staring at a stranger on an elevator, you will make the other exceedingly uncomfortable, and you are likely to feel a bit strange yourself.

If you hold eye contact for more than 3 seconds, what are you telling another person? It much depends on the person and the situation. For instance, a man and a woman communicate interest in the manner. They typically gaze at each other for a bout 3 seconds at a time, then drop their eyes down for 3 seconds, before letting their eyes meet again. But if one man gives another man a 3-second plus stare , he signals “I know you,”“I am interested in you,” or “You look peculiar and I am curious about you.” This type of stare often produces hostile feelings. On the other hand, if your professor is talking to you, you would be well advised to listen attentively, with your eyes riveted to the professors face. To look around would signal disrespect. The professor, however, may look around while you are speaking; the higher status person has this liberty.

Life contains many levels of meaning, and things are not always what they seem. Networks of invisible rules and social arrangements guide and influence your behaviour. As you look behind the outer structure of the world and scrutinize the hidden fabric, you encounter new levels of reality.

56. It is implied in the text that all the following statements are true EXCEPT ____.
［A］you will violate the invisible rules if you look at another passenger’s eyes on an elevator for more than 3 seconds although it is permitted by law
［B］the world is composed of the outer structure of laws and the hidden fabric of invisible rules which guide and influence our behaviour
［C］eye contact may have different meanings in different situations
［D］a man must gaze at a woman for over 3 seconds if he wants the woman to know that he has fallen in love with her
57. In the third sentence of the second paragraph, the expression “size them up” most probably means ____.
［A］measure how tall they are
［B］guess how much they weigh
［C］form a judgment of them
［D］put them at ease
58. We can infer from the text that ____.
［A］the meaning of the eye behaviour comes from the situation
［B］the meaning of the eye behaviour depends mainly on the time of the eye contact
［C］in all societies, eye behaviour follows similar patterns
［D］people should avoid staring at others in public places
59. It may be impolite ____.
［A］for a student to look at the professor while he is talking to him
［B］for a teacher to look away while the student is talking to him
［C］for any person to look at any other person for over 3 seconds
［D］for a secretary to look away while her boss is talking to her
60. It seems the longer the eye contact is, ____.
［A］the more hostile a person becomes
［B］the stronger feeling a person expresses
［C］the more friendly a person becomes
［D］the more respectful a person is

Part B

Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese .Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER S HEET 2.(10 points)

A new era is dawning in the West, the era of light. Under city streets and beneath oceans, in commercial skyscrapers and recesses of the Pentagon, a host of new technologies based on lasers, ultrapure glass fibers and strange new materials a re challenging the wonders of conventional electronic gadgetry. In little more than a decade, these inventions have moved from laboratories to modern homes, off ices and factories.
 61) With growing speed, the new technology promises to turn the electronic age into the age of optics, in which gadgets built around beams of light becomes virtually indispensable. Says Robert Spinral , director of systems technology at Xerox: “The optics boom is just starting to explode. Optics in the 21st century will be what electronics represents in the 20th century.”

Spinrad’s estimate may be conservative. Corporations and national research organizations around the world are now spending billions of dollars to harness the new optical technology.
62) The first fruits of their efforts are already apparent in such conveniences as fiberoptic telephone lines, laser printers, com pact disc players, credit cards bearing holograms, and laser price-tag scanners in supermarkets.

The new optical technology is moving rapidly into place. Communications companies have started to lay new transoceanic cables that can compete handily with space satellites.
 63) Fiber optic links are allowing far flung corporations to install networks of private video hookups and connect office buildings into a new kind of “optical city.” Optical technology is providing sensitive nerve endings for devices like smoke detectors and blood analyzers.
  64) Meanwhile , scientists in the U.S. and Western Europe and Japan are pushing hard toward as till much in the future optical computer that uses photons rather than electrons for number crunching efficiency.

The basis of optical technology rests on the behavior of the infinitesimal packets of radiant energy known as photons. Unlike electrons, which are electrical charges that often interfere with one another as they travel along a medium like c op per wire, photons can easily travel in parallel straight lines and even pass through one another undisturbed.
 65) Much more than other portions of the electromagnetic spectrum, like radio waves or electronic pulses, light is suited to carrying enormous numbers of precise digital signals at high speed over long distances. The means to exploit those characteristics began to emerge in the 19 5 0s, when scientists developed the laser, a highly focused and amplified beam of light.

Since then the laser has been put to a number of other uses, notably as a cutting and fusing device in operations ranging from eye surgery to metal fabrication. But it is the laser’s data carrying role that is currently turning the world of conventional electronics upside down.

Section Ⅳ Writing

Directions:
Study the following graphs carefully and write an essay to

1)describe the effect of the countrys rapid growth of GDP on its higher education

2)give the possible reasons for the effect

3)predict the tendency of the development of China’s higher education

You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)