全国硕士研究生入学考试英语试题 （六）

Section Ⅱ Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word (s) for each remarked blank and mark A, B, C or D on the ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

During the 1980s, unemployment and underemployment in some countries was as high as 90 percent. Some countries did not 21 enough food; basic needs in ho using and clothing were not 22 . Many of these countries looked to the industrial processes of the developed nations 23 solutions. 24 , problems cannot always be solved by copying the industrialized nations. Industry in the developed nations is highly automated and very 25 . It provides fewer jobs than labor intensive industrial processes, and highly 26 worker s are needed to 27 and repair the equipment. These workers must be trained, 28 many nations do not have the necessary training institutions. Thus, the 29 of important industry becomes higher. Students must be sent abroad to 30 vocational and professional training. 31 , just to begin training the students must 32 learn English, French, German, or Japanese. The students then spend many years abroad, and 33 do not return home. All nations agree that science and technology 34 be shared. The point is : countries 35 the industrial processes of the developed nations need to look carefully 36 the costs, because many of these costs are 37 . Students from these nations should 38 the problems of the industrialized countries closely. 39 care, they will take home not the problems of science and technology, 40 the benefits.

21.［A］generate ［B］raise ［C］produce ［D］manufacture
22.［A］answered ［B］met ［C］calculated ［D］remembered
23.［A］for ［B］without ［C］as ［D］about
24.［A］Moreover ［B］Therefore ［C］Anyway ［D］However
25.［A］expensive ［B］mechanical ［C］flourishing ［D］complicated
26.［A］gifted ［B］skilled ［C］trained ［D］versatile
27.［A］keep ［B］maintain ［C］retain ［D］protect
28.［A］since ［B］so ［C］and ［D］yet
29.［A］charge ［B］price ［C］cost ［D］value
30.［A］accept ［B］gain ［C］receive ［D］absorb
31.［A］Frequently ［B］Incidentally ［C］Deliberately ［D］Eventually
32.［A］soon ［B］quickly ［C］immediately ［D］first
33.［A］some ［B］others ［C］several ［D］few
34.［A］might ［B］should ［C］would ［D］will
35.［A］adopting ［B］conducting ［C］receiving ［D］adjusting
36.［A］to ［B］at ［C］on ［D］about
37.［A］opaque ［B］secret ［C］sealed ［D］hidden
38.［A］tackle ［B］learn ［C］study ［D］manipulate
39.［A］In ［B］Through ［C］With ［D］Under
40.［A］except ［B］nor ［C］or ［D］but

Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Reading the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C, or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points) 

Text 1

The word “recreation” brings to mind activities that are relaxing and enjoyable. Such activities as an evening walk around the neighborhood, a Sunday picnic with the family, and playing catch in the yard with the children seem relatively spontaneous and relaxing.

Much American recreational activity, however, seems to foreign visitors to be approached with a high degree of seriousness, planning, organization, and expense. Spontaneity and fun are absent, as far as the visitor can tell. “These crazy Americans!” a South American exclaimed on seeing yet another jogger go past her h o use in subfreezing, winter weather. Many Americans jog every day, or play tennis, handball, racquetball, or bridge two or three times a week, or bowl every Thursday night, or have some other regularly scheduled recreation. They go on vacations, ski trips, and hunting or fishing expeditions that require weeks of planning and organizing. In the Americans view, all these activities are generally f u n and relaxing, or are worth the discomfort they may cause because they contribute to health and physical fitness. 

Much American recreation is highly organized. There are classes,clubs leagues,newsletters,contests, exhibitions and conventions centered on hundreds of different recreational activities. People interested in astronomy, bird watching, coo king, dancing, ecology, fencing, gardening, hiking ― and on and on ― can find a group of like minded people with whom to meet, learn, and practice or perform.

In America recreation is big business. Many common recreational activities require supplies and equipment that can be quite costly. Recreational vehicles (used for traveling and usually including provisions for sleeping, cooking, and bathing) can cost as much as $35,000. In 1984 Americans owned approximately 3,982,000 recreational vehicles, valued at about $7,733 million. Jogging shoes, hiking boots, fishing and camping supplies, cameras, telescopes, gourmet cookware, and bow ling balls are not lowcost items. Beyond equipment, there is clothing, the fashion industry has successfully persuaded many Americans that they must be properly dressed for jogging, playing tennis, skiing, swimming, and so on. Fashionable outfits for these and other recreational activities can be surprisingly expensive.

A final point that astute foreign observers notice is the relationship between social class and certain recreational activities. The relationship is by no means invariable, and the element of geography complicates it. (For example, a relatively poor person who happens to live in the Colorado mountains may be able to afford skiing there, while an equally poor resident of a plains state could not afford to get to the mountains and pay for lodging there.) In general, though, golf and yachting are associated with wealthier people, tennis with better educated people, and outdoor sports (camping, fishing, hunting, boating) with middle class people. Those who bowl or square dance regularly are likely to represent the lower middle class. Foreign observers will be able to find other examples of the se relationships in whatever part of the United Stated they come to know. 

41. The passage is mainly about ____ .
［A］the difference between recreational activities in America and t hat in other countries
［B］the importance of recreational activities in the life of American people
［C］the characteristics of the American recreational activity 
［D］the influence of recreational activities upon the classification of American social classes
42. Which of the following statements is TRUE?
［A］Both Americans and South Americans take jogging in cold weather as a fun.
［B］Americans take trouble to plan and organize recreational activities to keep fit.
［C］In the eyes of many foreign visitors, much American recreational activity is relaxing.
［D］Such recreational activities as hunting and fishing are spontaneous.
43. Which of the following is not among the features of American recreational activities? 
［A］Well planned. ［B］Well organized. ［C］Costly. ［D］Exhausting.
44. All of the following statements are true EXCEPT that ____. 
［A］there is a fixed relationship between social class and some recreational activities
［B］poor people in American seldom go yachting
［C］outdoor sports are popular among middle class people
［D］geographical conditions make the relationship between social class and recreational activities more complicated 
45. The author’s purpose in writing this passage is to ____ .
［A］show the superiorities of American recreational activities
［B］to criticize American recreational activities for its high expense
［C］to inform people what American recreational activities are like
［D］to teach foreign visitors how to enjoy American recreational activities

Text 2

In the atmosphere, carbon dioxide acts rather like a one way mirror ― the glass in the roof of a greenhouse which allows the sun’s rays to enter but prevents the heat from escaping. 

According to a weather expert’s prediction, the atmosphere will be 3℃ warmer in the year 2050 than it is today, if man continues to burn fuels at the present r ate. If this warming up took place, the ice caps in the poles would begin to melt, thus raising sea level several meters and severely flooding coastal cities. Also, the increase in atmospheric temperature would lead to great changes in the climate of the northern hemisphere, possibly resulting in an alteration of the earth’s chief food growing zones.  

In the past, concern about a man-made warming of the earth has concentrated on the Arctic because the Antarctic is much colder and has a much thicker ice sheet. But the weather experts are now paying more attention to West Antarctic, which may be affected by only a few degrees of warming: in other words, by a warming o n the scale that will possibly take place in the next fifty years from the burning of fuels.  Satellite pictures show that large areas of Antarctic ice are already disappearing. The evidence available suggests that a warming has taken place. This fits the theory that carbon dioxide warms the earth.

However, most of the fuel is burnt in the northern hemisphere, where temperatures seem to be falling. Scientists conclude, therefore, that up to now natural influences on the weather have exceeded those caused by man. The question is: Which natural cause has most effect on the weather? 

One possibility is the variable behavior of the sun. astronomers at one research station have studied the hot spots and ‘cold’ spots (that is, the relatively less hot spots) on the sun. as the sun rotated, every 27.5 days, it presents hotter or ‘colder’faces to the earth, and different aspects to different parts of the earth. This seems to have a considerable effect on the distribution of the earth’s atmospheric pressure, and consequently on wind circulation. The sun is also variable over a long term: its heat output goes up and down in cycles, the latest trend being downward. 

Scientists are now finding thousands of years, including the last Ice Age. The problem is that the models are predicting that the world should be entering a new Ice Age and it is not. One way of solving this theoretical difficulty is to assume a delay of thousands of years while the solar effects overcome the inertia of the earth’s climate. If this is right, the warming effect of carbon dioxide might thus be serving as a useful counter-balance to the sun’s diminishing heat.

46. It can be concluded that a concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere would ____.
［A］prevent the sun’s rays from reaching the earth’s surface 
［B］mean a warming up in the Arctic 
［C］account for great changes in the climate in the northern hemisphere
［D］raise the temperature of the earth’s surface 
47. The article was written to explain ____. 
［A］the greenhouse effect 
［B］the solar effects on earth 
［C］the models of solar weather interactions 
［D］the causes affecting weather 
48. Although the fuel consumption is greater in the northern hemisphere, temperatures there seem to be falling. This is ____.
［A］mainly because the levels of carbon dioxide are rising 
［B］possibly because the ice caps in the poles are melting 
［C］ exclusively due to the effect of the inertia of the earth’s climate
［D］ partly due to variations in the output of solar energy 
49. On the basis of their models, scientists are of the opinion that ____.
［A］the climate of the world should be becoming cooler
［B］it will take thousands of years for the inertia of the earth’s climate to take effect
［C］the man-made warming effect helps to increase the solar effects
［D］the new Ice Age will be delayed by the greenhouse effect
50. If the assumption about the delay of a new Ice Age is correct, ____.
 ［A］the best way to overcome the cooling effect would be to burn more fuels
 ［B］ice would soon cover the northern hemisphere
 ［C］the increased levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere could warm up the earth even more quickly
［D］the greenhouse effect could work to the advantage of the earth 

Text 3

Like a parent whose toddler is wobbling eagerly toward a wedding cake, etiquette can move fast when it has to. People think they can get away with using their mobile telephones at any time or place they choose, confident that etiquette is too befuddled by this wondrous novelty to set limits. 

They are dangerously mistaken.

Perhaps there was a short lag between the purchase of the first cell phone and t he establishment of etiquette rules against using the device at the dinner table , taking calls while attending a concert, or making calls from a pew during religious services. But that was only because it was hard to believe that any one would actually try. Nobody doubts this any longer. Yet these situations are already adequately covered by the broader mandates of manners that have always applied. Annoying people by making disruptive noises has been on that list since the human body first learned to make nasty sounds on purpose.

Using a telephone to increase the range in which one can be rude isn’t new either. Think what it has already done for the invasion of peace and privacy. For years it has tyrannized peoples lives with the premise that its jangling summons requires them to drop whatever they are doing and attend to it immediately. And t hey do, at the most surprising of moments. Lovers leave sweethearts with their outstretched arms and business people leave customers with their outstretched wallets. 

We have all heard the standard excuses for the rude use of cell phones: attending to business and being available for personal emergencies. But these have been so overused and misused as to be hardly acceptable anyway. People who are on cal l for work or personal crises probably shouldn’t be out socializing or entertaining themselves in the first place, and they certainly shouldn’t be disrupting these activities for the less burdened. The great numberof people who declare that they constantly operate under such conditions are in need of home entertainment, tolerant friends and silent, vibrating beepers, if not better arranged lives.

However, the accusations of rudeness being made against the owners of cellular telephones are often unfair. “Theyre just showing off,” is the charge hurled at people who use their cell phones to do what everybody else is legitimately doing ―talking on the bus, making calls from the sidewalk, chatting while driving a car. An expensive telephone might be considered a status symbol ― but so are a lo t o f other things that are less obviously useful and yet don’t arouse public ire. It should be recognized that the cell phone is just a tool. What determines rudeness is how it is used. People who need to shout into their cell phone probably just need a better phone. But shouting itself is already an etiquette violation.

There is actually one truly new etiquette rule, especially for mobile phone, although even it has a historic precedent of sorts. In the old postal system, which charged the recipient rather than the sender, the polite letter writer was supposed to be reasonably sure the communication would be welcome and to compress the missive so as to keep the cost down. Now the polite telephoner is obligated to restrict the number and length of calls to mobile users, knowing that the recipient incurs the costs.

If there’s anything ruder than disturbing people, it’s making them pay for being disturbed. 

51. The main theme is this passage is ____ .
［A］cellular phones are todays major means of private communication
［B］the rules of etiquette have been destroyed by cellular phones
［C］more people should make use of public telephones
［D］the standard rules of etiquette cover the use of cellular phones
52. According to the passage, which of the following is NOT TRUE?
［A］People think they can get away with using their mobile telephones at any time or place they choose.
［B］The human body can make nasty sounds on purpose.
［C］There are no etiquette rules covering the use of cell phones.
［D］The telephone has already invaded peace and privacy. 
53. “Jangling summons” in Paragraph 4, line 3 means ____ .
［A］the ringing of a telephone
［B］a knock at the front door
［C］the signal made by a beeper
［D］a fire alarm signal 
54. The writer thinks that people who are on call for work or personal crises should ____ .
［A］carry mobile phones with them at all times
［B］try not to talk too loudly on their cell phones
［C］tell everyone that they are just showing off
［D］avoid social and entertainment occasions
55. The tone of this passage is ____.
［A］indignant                         ［B］puzzled 
［C］scholarly and thoughtful          ［D］serious but light hearted

Text 4

She came of age not in Kabul or Luanda or any other of a number of cities where the trauma of war would have given impetus to her quest to eradicate the legacies of the battle field. Rather, Jody Williams spent much of her life in the serene, church dotted hamlet of Putney, Vermont, where, last Friday, the day after h e r 47th birthday, she received word that she had been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.

Forthright and irreverent, Williams emerged from her farmhouse to greet the press in jeans and bare feet. She shares the $ 1 million award with her six-year-old coalition, the International Campaign to Ban Landmines (ICBL), which has helped persuade nearly 100 governments to support a treaty to end the production, sale and stockpiling of land mines and to clean up existing minefields around the world. The explosive devices, which can cost as little as $ 3 apiece and are strew n haphazardly in places like Angola, Cambodia and Bosnia, are responsible for killing or brutally maiming some 26,000 people a year.

While the landmine issue may seem far removed from the lives of many Americans , the urgency of Williams work is quite clear to a victim like Marianne Holtz of Boise, Idaho, who lost her legs and half her face to the explosives while working with refugees in Zaire.“As a weapon of war, the land mine is inexcusable,”say Holtz. “It kills women and children. It kills people long after any battle is over. There is absolutely no argument for it that is valid.” Jody Williams is dedicated to ensuring that everyone comes around to that way of thinking.

She has not, however, persuaded the U.S. to disown the mines. From her lawn last week, Williams had harsh words for President Clinton, who has refused to sign t he treaty until it makes an exception for U.S. land mine use along the uneasy border between North and South Korea, where 37,000 American soldiers are stationed , and for the use of antipersonnel mines in conjunction with antitank mines. Said Williams: “I think its tragic that president Clinton does not want to be on t he side of humanity. And she found it odd that he had not yet called to congratulate her. ”I think if the President can call the winner of the super Bowl, he should call the Nobel Peace Prize winner.“ If he does call, she knows what she’ll say: “What’s your problem?”

But even as the White House reaffirmed its “rock-solid” position against participation in the accord, Williams was heartened by the news that the once recalcitrant Russia would support the international landmine ban. The treaty, to be signed in Ottawa in December, will go into effect after 40 nations have ratified it.

What is remarkable about Williams effort is the speed with which she and her organization have accomplished their mission. Williams was hired by the Vietnam Veterans of America Foundation in 1991 to form an antiland mine coalition. “When we began, we were just three people sitting in a room,” she said. “It was Utopia .” The numbers grew quickly. The fruits of her labor resulted in the ICBL, an alliance of more than 1,000 antiland mine groups. Early on, a participant predicted that it would take at least 30 years for a land mine ban to be enacted. 

Williams cause received heightened attention in the past year when it found an impassioned advocate in Diana, Princess of Wales. Williams, who never met the princess, was taken aback last month during a land mine conference in Oslo, Norway, when reporters asked if her campaign would suffer a setback because of Diana’s death. She thought the question “a bit shallow”.“Last week the princess’s family issued a statement indicating that they were “delighted” at the news from the Nobel committee. 

56. The main idea of the passage is ____.
［A］the anti-land mine campaign has been honored with a Nobel Peace Prize
［B］a woman has won the Nobel Peace Prize for the first time
［C］the world community is ready to ban land mines
［D］Jody Williams has become as famous as Princess Diana
57. In the context of the passage, “the legacies of the battlefield” means ____ .
［A］victories   ［B］conquered territory
［C］medals        ［D］land mines
58. Land mines are so dangerous because ____.
［A］they can kill or brutally maim people
［B］they can cost as little as $ 3 apiece
［C］they are left in the ground when the war is over
［D］they are only found in Angola, Cambodia and Bosnia
59. By calling her original coalition “Utopia” Williams means ____.
［A］the participants were hopelessly idealistic
［B］Utopia was the location of the coalition’s headquarters
［C］there were too many people there
［D］Utopia is the only place where there are no land mines 
60. The writer’s attitude toward Jody Williams is ____.
［A］contempt ［B］surprise ［C］admiration ［D］indifference

Part B

Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET2. (10 points)  

61) E-mail systems at thousands of companies and government agencies around the world were swamped by a cunning virus called “Melissa”that disguises itself as a n “important message” from a friend. Despite a weekend of warnings, more than 50,000 computers at about 100 sites around the world have been infected by the virus, computer security experts estimated on Monday.

62) The virus began to show up last Friday and spread rapidly on Monday by making computers fire off dozens of infected e-mails. Although the virus apparently causes no permanent damage to a computer,its effects were far reaching. 

In Portland, Oregon, city government slowed to a crawl. The e-mail network at Lockheed Martin, the aerospace company in Bethesda, Maryland, was overloaded. Michael Vatis, a federal prosecutor and director of the US National Infrastructure Protection Centrebased at FBI headquarters, said military and government computers were damaged, along with thousands of other institutions systems.

63)“It is important that computer crime is not just dismissed as kids fooling around,”Vatis said. “There are real consequences for real people.”

The FBI is investigating, he said. Vatis would not comment on whether investigators had any leads, or on where the name Melissa came from. To make matters worse, a similar virus called Papa was discovered on Monday. 64) Papa is programmed to send out even more infected emails than Melissa , although it has a bug that sometimes prevents it from working, said Srivats Sampath, general manager of McAfee software, a company that makes anti-virus software. 

The Melissa virus comes in the form of an e-mail, usually containing the subject line “Important Message”. It appears to be from a friend or colleague. The body of the e-mail message says, “Here is that document you asked for...don’t show it to anyone else” with a winking, smiley face formed by the punctuation marks.

65) Attached to the message is a document file. Once the user opens that file, the virus digs into the user's address book and sends infected documents to the first 50 addresses. 

Section Ⅳ Writing

Directions:

A: Title: Western China Development

B: Time limit: 40 minutes

C: Word limit: 200 words

D: Your composition should be based on the OUTLINE below and should start with the given opening sentence: “ In todays China, many regions in the west still remain comparatively underdeveloped.”

E: Your composition must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET.

OUTLINE:

1. Present situation

2. Significance of developing the west regions

3. My comment

Opening Sentence:

In today’s China, many regions in the west still remain comparatively underdeveloped. 


全国硕士研究生入学考试英语冲刺试题 (六)

参 考 答 案

Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension

Part A 

41. C 42. B 43. D 44. A 45. C 46. D 47. D 48. D 49. A 50. D

51. D 52. C 53. A 54. D 55. D 56. A 57. D 58. C 59. A 60. C

Part B

61. 世界各地数以千计的公司和政府机构的电子邮件系统被一个名为“梅丽莎”的 狡猾的病毒所侵害。该病毒带有一个微笑的人脸，以子虚乌有的来自朋友的重要邮件的面目 出现。

62. 该病毒上周五开始出现，并通过计算机向外发送许多受感染的电子邮件而在周一广为扩 散。

63.“重要的是计算机犯罪并不仅仅是无所事事的孩子所搞的恶作剧，”威蒂斯说，“它会对确定的人造成实质性的危害。”

64. “虽然‘PaPa’病毒设计上的缺陷有时会阻止其向外扩散，但该病毒的程序设计是向外 发送比‘梅丽莎’病毒更多的受感染文件。”McAfee软件公司――一家生产防毒软件的公司 的总经理斯瑞沃茨・塞姆帕斯如是说。

65. 该邮件上附着一个文件，一旦用户把文件打开，病毒就进入了用户的通讯录中，并向最 初的50个地址发送受感染的文件。

Section Ⅳ Writing

In today’s China, many regions in the west still remain comparatively underdeveloped. Geographically speaking, this part of the country is composed mainly of mountains, plateaus, and deserts, leaving vast areas of the west barren and infertile. Whats worse, being afar and remote, Western China doesn’t seem to lure capital from both home and abroad. As a result, the economic development of the west has fallen far behind. And over this wide area is distributed most of China’s 30 million below-poverty-line population.

Therefore, the project of large scale development of Western China is of profound significance. It will, as plain as daylight, open up a broad development space for the western regions. Then it wont be a daydream for us to own in the near future a new “West,” as developed and prosperous as the East. Only when China maintains a balanced economic development between the west and the east can she se e an overall economic takeoff.

However, the western region development, in my opinion, is a long-term systematic project. It calls for tremendous efforts, as well as unselfish sacrifice, of maybe several generations. But for the first step today, we should “ask not what Western China can provide with you, but what you can do for Western China.” 