全国硕士研究生入学考试英语冲刺试题 (五)

Section Ⅱ Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word (s) for each numbered blank and mark A, B, C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

In many countries there is a fixed charge for personal services. A certain 21 may be added to the bill at a hotel or restaurant “ for the service ”. In other places the 22 may be expected to give 23 , or a small amount of money as a sign of 24 whenever services are performed. In the United States there is no consistent practice 25 tipping. The customs is more 26 in a large city than in a small town. A native American may often be in doubt about when and how much to tip when he is in a city that is 27 to him. In general, how ever, a tip is expected by the porter who carries your baggage, by taxi drivers (except, perhaps, in s mall towns ), and by 28 who serve you in hotels an d restaurants.When you 29 your incoming luggage at an airport, you may tip the man who takes it to the taxi or airport bus. He usually expects 35 cents a bag 30 his service. In some cities the taxi that takes you to your 31 may have one meter that shows the 32 of the trip and another that shows a fixed 33 , usually about 20 cents, for “extra” . In some cities the taxi driver may expect a tip in addition to the “extra”, especially if he 34 your suitcase. If no “extra ”is charged, a tip is usually given. Hotels generally do not make a service charge, though there are places where one is added. It is customary, however, to give something to the 35 who carries your suitcases and shows you to your room. In case of doubt, 35 cents for each bag he carries is 36 . In a restaurant you generally 37 about 15 percent of the bill in small change on that table as a tip for the person who has served you. A service charge is generally not 38 except in some of the larger, more 39 places. If the order is 40 ― a cup of coffee at a lunch counter, or something of the sort ― a tip is not usually expected.

21.［A］amount ［B］payment ［C］percentage ［D］money
22.［A］manager ［B］customer ［C］waiter ［D］porter
23.［A］a tip   ［B］a bill ［C］a debt ［D］an extra
24.［A］dignity ［B］appreciation
   ［C］decency ［D］consideration
25.［A］in spite of ［B］in relation to
   ［C］in touch with ［D］in regard to
26.［A］ordinary ［B］regular ［C］common ［D］apparent
27.［A］fresh ［B］strange ［C］new ［D］special
28.［A］they ［B］people ［C］others ［D］those
29.［A］pick up ［B］take up ［C］turn up ［D］make up
30.［A］for ［B］in ［C］to ［D］against
31.［A］town ［B］city ［C］hotel ［D］airport
32.［A］mile ［B］cost ［C］way ［D］direction
33.［A］charge ［B］income ［C］fee ［D］fare
34.［A］loads ［B］holds ［C］takes ［D］carries
35.［A］porter ［B］taxi driver ［C］passenger ［D］customer
36.［A］good ［B］content ［C］satisfactory ［D］satisfied
37.［A］give ［B］leave ［C］throw ［D］put
38.［A］included ［B］involved ［C］intended ［D］informed
39.［A］expensive ［B］exciting ［C］exhaustive ［D］demanding
40.［A］dear ［B］cheap ［C］big ［D］small

Section Ⅲ Reading Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Reading the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A, B, C, or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

Everybody talks about “the dream I had last night.” In fact, dreams and dream interpretation have been acknowledged from the beginning of recorded history. Biblical Joseph interpreted a dream of Egypts Pharaoh that saved the country from f amine. Freud used dreams in an attempt to solve peoples psychological troubles . Artists/writers Federico Fellini, John Keats, August Strindberg, Nathaniel Hawthorn, Ingmar Bergman, and Anais Nin have all used dreams in their works.

“Dreams are a vehicle for knowledge not open to the waking mind,” declared Robert Abrams, University of Washington assistant professor of English, who taught a class on dreams and literature last year. “In some ways, our dreams may be smarter than we are,” he continued. “Our waking conscious mind is culturally contaminated, constricted” ― by things like media and current morality.

Nineteenth-century writers ― the Romantics ― were fascinated by dreams and en courage d people to look inward and be more receptive to irrationality, according to Abrams. They believed that the greatest minds should have a negative capability ― the ability to be in doubt, mystified, or uncertain without any irritable reaching after fact or reason.

Ignoring the Romantics, 20th-century psychologists, psychiatrists, and doctors have come up with startling facts about dreams:

 Everybody dreams every night (with few exceptions). Some don’t remember.

Everybody dreams in color.

Most people dream about 20 minutes out of every hour and one half.

A dream may last up to 20 minutes, or you could have several during the 20-minute dreaming phase.

You dream more toward morning as you enter into lighter phases of sleep.
Depressants like alcohol or barbiturates can suppress dream phases.

Dream-deprived people become irritable, anxious, less tolerant in stressful and emotional situations.

During nightly dream phases, our eyes move although the lids are closed and our other muscles are relaxed.

Everyone has some idea of the nature of his dream, but what are the dreams of

others like? Two medical studies done in the United Stated by Drs. Calvin Hall and Fred Snyder proved that most people’s dreams are not very exciting; the majority of the dreams reported were of a familiar nature to the dreamer and quite reasonable.  Dreams are not lonesome place, the studies show. In 95 percent of the dreams analyzed by Hall, another person besides the dreamer was present. Also, the majority of dreams included unpleasant emotions.

One hypothesis considered in Dr. Ernest Hartmann’s book, The Function of Sleep, is that dreaming may be the major function of sleep and the role of sleep may be merely to allow a state such that dreams may emerge.

In Sleep the Gentle Tyrant, author psychologist Wilse Webb notes three main beliefs about dreams: dreams as another reality, dreams as omens, and dreams as reflections of waking life. The first belief occurs in people like Eskimos of Hudson Bay or the Pantani Malay who claims that one leaves one’s body during sleep and enters another world. The second belief is that dreams have a prophetic nature: Pharaoh’s dream in the Old Testament caused him to stock up on food after Jose p h interpreted his dream to mean seven fat years followed by seven lean years. An d finally, dreams can be an “echo” of a point in the individual’s waking world which is heard in the dream world.

41. The main idea of this article is that ____.
［A］all people dream
［B］dreams are interesting
［C］dreams are important
［D］dreams are unpleasant
42. Paragraph 1 mainly discusses ____ .
［A］biblical interpretations of dreams
［B］the uses of dreams throughout history
［C］how Pharaoh used dreams
［D］how artists and writers used dreams
43. According to Dr. Ernest Hartmann’s hypothesis, ____ .
［A］we sleep because we are tired
［B］we sleep in order to dream
［C］we dream in order to sleep
［D］sleep causes dreams to occur
44. The last sentence of this passage means ____ .
［A］we hear things in dreams as well as see them
［B］we dream of things that never happened when we were awake
［C］we dream of things that will happen in the future
［D］things that happened when we were awake are recreated in our dreams
45. Another good title for this article might be ____
［A］The Dream I Had Last Night.
［B］Why Do People Sleep?
［C］Some Facts About Dreams.
［D］Dream Interpretations.

Text 2

A wise man once said that the only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. So, as a police officer, I have some urgent things to say to good people.

Day after day my men and I struggle to hold back a tidal wave of crime. Something has gone terribly wrong with our onceproud American way of life. It has happened in the area of value. A key ingredient is disappearing, and I think I know w hat it is: accountability.

Accountability isn’t hard to define. It means that every person is responsible for his or her actions and liable for their consequences.

Of the many values that hold civilization together ― honesty, kindness, and so on ― accountability may be the most important of all. Without it, there can be no respect, no trust, no law and, ultimately, no society.

My job as a police officer is to impose accountability on people who refuse, or have never learned, to impose it on themselves. But as every policeman knows, external controls on peoples behavior are far less effective than internal restraints such as guilt, shame and embarrassment.

Fortunately there are still communities ― smaller towns, usually ― where schools maintain discipline and where parents hold up standards that proclaim: “In this family certain things are not tolerated ― they simply are not done!”

Yet more and more, especially in our larger cities and suburbs, these inner restraints are loosening. Your typical robber has none. He considers your property h is property; he takes what he wants, including your life if you enrage him.

The main cause of this breakdown is a radical shift in attitudes. Thirty years ago, if a crime was committed, society was considered the victim. Now, in a shocking reversal, its the criminal who is considered victimized: by his underprivileged upbringing, by the school that didn’t teach him to read, by the church that failed to reach him with moral guidance, by the parents who didn’t provide a stable home.

I don’t believe it. Many others in equally disadvantaged circumstances choose n o t to engage in criminal activities. If we free the criminal, even partly, from accountability, we become a society of endless excuses where no one accepts responsibility for anything.

We in America desperately need more people who believe that the person who commits a crime is the one responsible for it.

46. What the wise man said suggests that ____.
［A］it’s unnecessary for good people to do anything in face of evil
［B］it’s certain that evil will prevail if good men do nothing about it
［C］it’s only natural for virtue to defeat evil
［D］it’s desirable for good men to keep away from evil
47. According to the author, if a person is found guilty of a crime, ____.
［A］society is to be held responsible
［B］modern civilization is responsible for it
［C］the criminal himself should bear the blame
［D］the standards of living should be improved
48. Compared with those in small towns, people in large cities have ____ .
［A］less selfdiscipline
［B］better sense of discipline
［C］more mutual respect
［D］the standards of living should be improved
49. The writer is sorry to have noticed that ____.
［A］people in large cities tend to excuse criminals
［B］people in small towns still stick to old discipline and standards
［C］today’s society lacks sympathy for people in difficulty
［D］people in disadvantaged circumstances are engaged in criminal activities
50. They key point of the passage is that ____.
［A］ stricter discipline should be maintained in schools and families
［B］ more good examples should be set for people to follow
［C］ more restrictions should be imposed on people’s behavior
［D］ more people should accept the value of accountability

Text 3

Discoveries in science and technology are thought by “untaught minds” to come in blinding flashes or as the result of dramatic accidents. Sir Alexander Fleming did not, as legend would have it, look at the mold on a piece of cheese and get the idea for penicillin there and then. He experimented with antibacterial substances for nine years before he made his discovery. Inventions and innovations al most always come out of laborious trial and error. Innovation is like soccer; even the best players miss the goal and have their shots blocked much more frequently than they score.

The point is that the players who score most are the ones who take the most shots at the goal ― and so it goes with innovation in any field of activity. The prime difference between innovators and others in one of approach. Everybody gets ideas, but innovators work consciously on theirs, and they follow them through until they prove practicable or otherwise. What ordinary people see as fanciful abstractions, professional innovators see as solid possibilities.

“Creative thinking may mean simply the realization that theres no particular virtue in doing things the way they have always been done.” Wrote Rudolph Flesch, a language authority. This accounts for our reaction to seemingly simple innovations like plastic garbage bags and suitcases on wheels that make life more convenient: “How come nobody thought of that before?”

The creative approach begins with the proposition that nothing is as it appears. Innovators will not accept that there is only one way to do anything. Faced wit h getting from A to B, there average person will automatically set out on the bestknown and apparently simplest route. The innovator will search for alternate courses, which may prove easier in the long run and are bound to be more interesting and challenging even if they lead to dead ends.

Highly creative individuals really do march to a different drummer.

51. What does the author probably mean by “untaught minds” in paragraph 1?
［A］A person ignorant of the hard work involved in experimentation.
［B］A citizen of a society that restricts personal creativity.
［C］A person who has had no education.
［D］An individual who often comes up with new ideas by accident.
52. According to the author, what distinguishes innovators from non innovators?
［A］The variety of ideas they have.
［B］The intelligence they possess.
［C］The way they deal with problems.
［D］The way they present their findings.
53. The author quotes Rudolph Flesch in Paragraph 3 because ____ .
［A］Rudolph Flesch is the bestknown expert in the study of human creativity
［B］the quotation strengthens the assertion that creative individuals l ook for new ways of doing things
［C］the reader is familiar with Rudolph Flesch’s point of view
［D］the quotation adds a new idea to the information previously presented
54. The phrase “march to a different drummer” (the last line of the pas sage) suggests that highly creative individuals are ____ .
［A］diligent in pursuing their goals
［B］reluctant to follow common ways of doing things
［C］devoted to the progress of science
［D］concerned about the advance of society
55. The author’s attitude towards innovators is ____ .
［A］negative ［B］positive ［C］critical ［D］ironical

Text 4

Increasingly, over the past ten years, people ― especially young people ― have become aware of the need to change their eating habits, because much of the food they eat, particularly processed food, is not good for the health. Consequently, the re has been a growing interest in natural foods: foods which do not contain chemical additives and which have not been affected by chemical fertilizers, widely used in farming today.

Natural foods, for example, are vegetables, fruit and grain which have been grow n in soil that is rich in organic matter, in simple terms, this means that the s oil has been nourished by unused vegetable matter, which provides it with essential vitamins and minerals. This in itself is a natural process compared with the use of chemicals and fertilizers, the main purpose of which is to increase the amount ― but not the quality ― of foods grown in commercial farming areas.

Natural foods also include animals which have been allowed to feed and move freely in healthy pastures. Compare this with what happens in the mass production of poultry: there are battery farms, for example, where thousands of chickens live crowded together in one building and are fed on food which is little better than rubbish. Chickens kept in this way are not only tasteless as food; they also produce eggs which lack important vitamins.

There are other aspects of healthy eating which are now receiving increasing attention from experts on diet. Take, for example, the question of sugar. This is actually a nonessential food! Although a natural alternative, such as honey, can be used to sweeten food if this is necessary, we can in fact do without it. It is not that sugar is harmful in itself. But it does seem to be addictive: the quantity we use has grown steadily over the last two centuries and in Britain today each person consumes an average of 200 pounds a year! Yet all it does is to pro vide us with energy, in the form calories. There are two vitamins in it, no minerals and no fiber.

It is significant that nowadays fiber is considered to be an important part of a healthy diet. In white bread, for example, the fiber has been removed. But it is present in unrefined flour and of course in vegetables. It is interesting to note that in countries where the national diet contains large quantities of unrefined flour and vegetables, certain diseases are comparatively rare. Hence the emphasis is placed on the eating of whole meal bread and more vegetables by modern experts on “healthy eating.”

56. People have become more interested in natural foods because ____.
［A］they want a change of diet
［B］they want to eat food that is better for them
［C］they no longer like processed foods polluted by chemical additives
［D］they want to be fashionable
57. Soil that is rich in organic matter ____.
［A］has had nothing added to it
［B］provides vegetable matter with vitamins and minerals
［C］contains unused vegetable matter
［D］has had chemicals and fertilizers added to it
58. Battery chickens cannot be called “natural food” because ____ .
［A］they live in crowded conditions
［B］they are tasteless
［C］their eggs have no vitamins
［D］they are not allowed to move about and eat freely
59. According to experts on diet, ____.
［A］sugar is bad for the health
［B］the use of sugar is habit forming
［C］people need sugar to give them energy
［D］ sugar only sweetens food
60. If we ate more food containing fiber, ____.
［A］our diet would be healthier
［B］we would be as healthy as people in other countries
［C］our diet would be more interesting
［D］we would only eat whole meal bread and vegetables

Part B

Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese. Your translation should be written clearly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (10 points)

Astronomers last weekend presented the most precise measurements to date the infant universe ― it existed approximately 14 billion years ago. 61) The results represent a significant advance in scientists efforts to understand what happened during cosmos creation and how the universe has evolved since, researchers said.

The observations provide a new basis for calculating the contents of the universe. It conforms evidence that ordinary matters all the shining stars and galaxies, plus people, computers, cats and so on ― account for less than 5 per cent of t he universe. 62) The rest takes the form of mysterious “dark matter”(3 0 per cent) and an even more unknown “dark energy” in space (65 per cent) that is causing galaxies to rush apart from one another at an accelerating rate with unknown consequences for the cosmos future.

63) Scientists say that these latest results put Albert Einstein’s theories of gravity, as well as the Big Bang theory and other key pillars of modern cosmology all on much firmer footing. Technical development in recent years helps researchers reach back across time and space to take precise reading of light emitted about 400,000 years after the Big Bang explosion. 64) Their maps of this light constitute a snapshot of a time when atoms had began to form in the primordial soup of hot, charged particles, so that light was finally able to move through it.But the first stars and galaxies were still far in the future.

The light is known as the cosmic microwave background. Astronomers first detected this background glow in 1965, using a ground based radio telescope. But the radiation appeared bafflingly uniform and featureless in contrast to the present day universe. In 1991, NASAs Cosmic Background Explorer spacecraft detected the first evidence of any irregularity in the glow. The findings announced on April 29 reveal far more detail at much smaller scales.

Scientists measured variations as fine as 50 millionths to 100 millionths of a degree of temperature (or brightness) in the background radiation. 65) These ripples signal the tiny peaks and valley of over density and under density, which gravity gradually has built into the universe we see today, researchers say. The results support the leading theory about what happened in the first billionth of a trillionth of a trillionth of the Big Bang explosion.

Section Ⅳ Writing

Directions:

A: Title: A Historic Event

B: Time limit: 40 minutes

C: Word limit: 200 words

D: Your composition should be based on the OUTLINE below and should star t with t he given opening sentence: “On Nov. 10, the fourth ministerial meeting of the World Trade Organization (WTO) formally approved China’s accession to the world trade body.”

E: Your composition must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET.

OUTLINE:

1. The significance of China’s entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO).

2. Advantages and disadvantages of the great event.

3. Our way ahead.

Opening Sentence:
On Nov. 10, 2001, the fourth ministerial meeting of the World Trade Organization (WTO) formally approved China’s entry into the world trade body.