全国硕士研究生入学考试英语冲刺试题(二)

Section Ⅱ Use of English

Directions:
Read the following text. Choose the best word(s) for each numbered blank and mar k A,B,C or D on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 points)

　　A strict vegetarian is a person who never in his life eats anything derived from   animals. The main objection    21    vegetarianism on a long-term basis is the difficulty of getting enough protein ... the body building element in food.

Proteins are    22    from approximately twenty food elements  23   “amino-acids”, which are found more    24    in  animal protein than in vegetable protein. This means you have to eat a great de al more vegetable than animal food in order to get enough of these aminoacids.   A great deal of the vegetable food goes to waste in this process and from the physic-logical point of view there is not much    25       26     life long vegetarianism.

 27  vegetarianism    28    be advocated for adults, it is    29    unsatisfactory for    30    children , who need more protein than they can get from vegetables    31   .  A local vegetarian diet, which includes milk and milk products such as cheese c an, however, be satisfactory as long as enough milk and milk products are consumed.

Meat and cheese are the best sources of usable animal protein and    32     come milk, fish and eggs.

Slow and careful cooking of meat makes it more    33   and     34    in the    35   of the protein content by the body.  When cooking vegetables,    36   , the vitamins, and    37     the water-soluble vitamin C, should not be lost through over cooking.

Most nutrition experts today would recommend a balanced    38    containing elements of all foods, largely because of our need    39    sufficient vitamins. Vitamins were first called “accessory food factors” since it was discovered in 1906, that most foods contain,    40    carbon hydrates, fats, minerals and water, these other substances necessary for health.

21.［A］against  ［B］to   ［C］for     ［D］from
22.［A］built in   ［B］built on   ［C］built up  ［D］built out
23.［A］calling   ［B］called   ［C］so calling    ［D］so called
24.［A］expensively    ［B］abundantly  ［C］reluctantly    ［D］sufficiently
25.［A］to say  ［B］saying  ［C］to be said    ［D］said
26.［A］in token of    ［B］in honour of   C］in terms of    ［D］in favour of
27.［A］Now that   ［B］So long as    ［C］Whether or not ［D］Unless
28.［A］shall     ［B］should    ［C］would     ［D］could
29.［A］rarely    ［B］definitely   ［C］possibly  ［D］frequently
30.［A］grown     ［B］qualified    ［C］growing  ［D］qualifying
31.［A］courses    ［B］sources   ［C］origins  ［D］species
32.［A］further  ［B］following   ［C］next     ［D］below
33.［A］digenetic  ［B］digestible  ［C］digestive  ［D］digestant
34.［A］assigns  ［B］assumes   ［C］assorts  ［D］assists
35.［A］breaking   ［B］breaking out  ［C］breaking down  ［D］breaking in
36.［A］hence    ［B］however   ［C］instead   ［D］moreover
37.［A］in special     ［B］to be exact     ［C］in particular   ［D］to  be specific
38.［A］dish     ［B］therapy   ［C］diet  ［D］recipe
39.［A］for  ［B］from  ［C］towards   ［D］to
40.［A］excpet   ［B］except for  ［C］beside    ［D］besides

Section Ⅲ    Reading Comprehension

Part A

Directions:
Read the following four texts. Answer the questions below each text by choosing A,B,C or D. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (40 points)

Text 1

Islamic law is a particularly instructive example of “sacred law”. Islamic law  is a phenomenon so different from all other forms of law ― not withstanding, of course, a considerable and inevitable number of coincidences with one or the other of them as far as subject matter and positive enactments are concerned ― that  its study is indispensable in order to appreciate adequately the full range of possible legal phenomena. Even the two other representatives of sacred law that are historically and geographically nearest to it, Jewish law and Roman Catholic c anon law, are perceptibly different.

Both Jewish law and canon law are more uniform than Islamic law. Though historic ally there is a discernible break between Jewish law of the sovereign state of ancient Israel and of the Diaspora (the dispersion of Jewish people after the conquest of Israel), the spirit of the legal matter in later parts of the Old Testament is very close to that of the Talmud, one of the primary codifications of Jewish law in the Diaspora. Islam, on the other hand, represented a radical breakaway from the Arab paganism that preceded it; Islamic law is the result of an examination, from a religious angle, of legal subject matter that was far from uniform, comprising as it did the various components of the laws of pre-Islamic Arabia and numerous legal elements taken over from the non Arab peoples of the conquered territories. All this was unified by being subjected to the same kind of religious scrutiny, the impact of which varied greatly, being almost nonexistent  in some fields, and in others originating novel institutions. This central duality of legal subject matter and religious norm is additional to the variety of le gal, ethical, and ritual rules that is typical of sacred law.

In its relation to the secular state, Islamic law differed from both Jewish and canon law. Jewish law was buttressed by the cohesion of the community, reinforce d by pressure from outside; its rules are the direct expression of this feeling of cohesion, tending toward the accommodation of dissent. Canon and Islamic law, on the contrary, were dominated by the dualism of religion and state, where the state was not, in contrast with Judaism, an alien power but the political expression of the same religion. But the conflict between state and religion took different forms; in Christianity it appeared as the struggle for political power on the part of a tightly organized ecclesiastical hierarchy, and canon law was one of its political weapons. Islamic law, on the other hand, was never supported by an organized institution; consequently, there never developed an over trial of strength. There merely existed discordance between application of the sacred law and many of the regulations framed by Islamic states; this antagonism varied according to place and time.

41. The author’s purpose in comparing Islamic law to Jewish law and canon law is most probably to ____.
［A］contend that traditional legal subject matter does not play a large r ole in Islamic law
［B］support his argument that Islamic law is a unique kind of legal phenomenon
［C］emphasize the variety of forms that can all be considered sacred law
［D］provide an example of how he believes comparative institutional study  should be undertaken
42. According to the text, which of the following statements about sac red law is correct?
［A］The various systems of sacred law originated in a limited geographical area.
［B］The various systems of sacred law have had marked influence on one an other.
［C］Systems of sacred law usually rely on a wide variety of precedents.
［D］Systems of sared law generally contain prescriptions governing diverse aspects of human activity.
43. It can be inferred from the text that the application of Islamic l aw in Islamic states has
［A］systematically been opposed by groups who believe it is contrary to  their interests
［B］suffered irreparably form the lack of firm institutional backing
［C］frequently been at odds with the legal activity of government insitutions
［D］remained unaffected by the political forces operating alongside it
44. Which of the following most accurately describe the organization of the text?
［A］A universal principle is advanced and then discussed in relation to  a particular historical phenomenon.
［B］ A methodological innovation is suggested and then examples of its efficacy are provided.
［C］ A traditional interpretation is questioned and then modified to include new data.
［D］A general opinion is expressed and then supporting illustrations a re advanced.
45. The text suggests that canon law differs from Islamic law in that  only canon law ____.
［A］concerns itself with the duties of a person in regard to the communit y as a whole
［B］was affected by the tension of the conflict between religion and stat e
［C］developed in a political environment that did not challenge its funda mental existence
［D］played a role in the direct confrontation between institutions vying  for power

Text 2

Naturally the young are more inclined to novelty than their elders and it is in their speech, as it always was, that most of the vocabulary changes originate.

But listening critically to their talk I hear hardly any new words. It is all a matter of using old words in a new way and then copying each other as they wish to speak differently from their parents. They want even more to speak like people of their own age. A new usage once took time to spread, but now a pop star can flash it across the world in hours.

Of course it is not only the young who like to use the latest in word. While they are describing their idols as smashing, great, fab or cosmic, their parents and the more discriminating of the younger set are also groping for words of praise that are at once apt and fashionable. However, their choice of splendid, brilliant, fantastic and so on will in turn be slightly  dimmed by overuse and need replacement.

Magic is a theme that has regularly supplied words of praise (and the choice must betray something in our nature). Charming, entrancing and enchanting are all based on it. So also is marvellous, which has been used so much that some of its magic has faded while among teenagers wizard had a great run. Another of this group, though you might not think it, is glamorous, which was all the rage in the great days of Hollywood. Glamour was a Scottish dialect  form of “grammar”, which itself was an old word for enchantment. (Grammar means the study of words, and words have always been at the heart of magic.)  The change from “r” to “l” may have come about through the association with  words like gleaning and glittering.

On the whole, when a new word takes over the old ones remain, weakened but still in use, so that the total stock increases all the time. But some that start only as slang and never rise above that class can disappear completely. “Did you really say ripping when you were young?” my granddaughter asked me, rather like  asking if I ever wore a suit of armour. Of course I did and it was no sillier than smashing, which some of her contemporaries are still saying.

46. What do young people like to do in their speech?
［A］Invent words that older people cannot understand.
［B］Use words invented by pop stars.
［C］Give words new meanings to mislead their parents.
［D］Copy the speech of their contemporaries.
47. Words of praise keep changing because  _____.
［A］they lose their freshness
［B］there are more words available in this area
［C］young people are becoming more discriminating
［D］older people try to avoid the inwords of the young
48. The fact that magic is a frequent source of words of praise suggests that people  ____.
［A］lack linguistic originality
［B］have always been interested in magic
［C］are becoming more superstitious
［D］are interested in magic when young
 49. To the author’s granddaughter the word ripping .
［A］has a clearer meaning than it does for the author
［B］is unacceptable because it is slang
［C］seems strange and old fashioned
［D］mean much the same as smashing
50.What is the authors attitude towards the young peoples inclinatio n to novelty?
［A］Angry.
［B］Incredulous.
［C］Objective and tolerant.
［D］Pessimistic.

Text 3

Surprisingly enough, modern historians have rarely interested themselves in the  history of the American South in the period before the South began to become self-consciously and distinctively “Southern” ― the decades after 1815. Consequently, the cultural history of Britain’s North American empire in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries has been written almost as if the Southern colonies had never existed. The American culture that emerged during the Colonial and Revolutionary eras has been described as having been simply an extension of New England Puritan culture. However, Professor Davis has recently argued that the South stood apart from the rest of American society during this early period, following its own unique pattern of cultural development. The case for Southern distinctiveness rests upon two related premises: first, that the cultural similarities among the five Southern colonies were far more impressive than the difference, and second, that what made those colonies alike also made them different from the other colonies. The first, for which Davis offers an enormous amount of evidence, can be accepted without major reservations; the second is far more problematic.

What makes the second premise problematic is the use of the Puritan colonies as a basis for comparison. Quite properly, Davis disfavors the excessive influence attributed by historians to the Puritans in the formation of American culture. Yet Davis himself adds weight to such attributions by using the Puritans as the standard against which to assess the achievements and contributions of Southern colonials. Throughout, Davis focuses on the important, and undeniable, differences between the Southern and Puritan colonies in motives for and pattern of early settlement, in attitudes toward nature and Native Americans, and in the degree of receptivity to   metropolitan cultural influences.

However, recent scholarship has strongly suggested that those aspects of early New England culture that seem to have been most distinctly Puritan, such as the strong religious orientation (and the communal impulse), were not even typical of   New England as a whole, but were largely confined to the two colonies of Massachusetts and Connecticut. Thus, what in contrast to the Puritan colonies appears t o Davis to be peculiarly Southern ― acquisitiveness, a strong interest in politic s and the law, and a tendency to cultivate metropolitan cultural models ― was not  only more typically English than the cultural pattern exhibited by Puritan Massachusetts and Connecticut, but also almost certainly characteristic of most other early modern British colonies from Barbados north to Rhode Island and New Hampshire. Within the larger framework of American colonial life, then, not the Southern but the Puritan colonies appears to have been distinctive, and even they seem to have been rapidly assimilating to the dominant cultural patterns by the late Colonial period.

51. The author is primarily concerned with ____.

［A］refuting a claim about the influence of Puritan culture on the early American South
［B］refuting a thesis about the distinctiveness of the culture of the early American South
 ［C］refuting the two premises that underlie Davis discussion of the culture of the American South in the period before 1815
［D］challenging the hypothesis that early American culture was homogeneous in  nature

52. The text implies that the attitudes toward Native Americans that prevailed in the Southern colonies ____.
［A］developed as a response to attitudes that prevailed in Massachusetts and Connecticut
［B］derived from Southerners strong interest in the law
［C］were modeled after those that prevailed in the North
［D］differed from those that prevailed in the Puritan colonies

 53. According to the author, the description of  American culture during the Colonial and Revolutionary eras as an extension of New England Puritans culture reflects the ____.
［A］fact that historians have overestimated the importance of the Puritans in the development of American culture
［B］fact that early American culture was deeply influenced by the strong  religious orientation of the colonists
［C］extent to which Massachusetts and Connecticut served as cultural models for the other American colonies
［D］extent to which colonial American resisted assimilating cultural patterns that were typically English
54. The text suggests that by the late Colonial period the tendency to cultivate metropolitan cultural models was a cultural pattern that was ____ .

［A］beginning to spread to Rhode Island and New Hampshire
［B］self consciously and distinctively Southern
［C］spreading to Massachusetts and Connecticut
［D］more characteristic of the Southern colonies than of England
55. Which of the following statements could most logically follow the last sentence of the text?
［A］Thus, convergence, not divergence, seems to have characterized the  cultural development of the American Colonies in the eighteenth century.
［B］Thus, without the cultural diversity represented by the American South, the culture of colonial America would certainly have been homogeneous in nature.
［C］Thus, the contribution of southern colonials to American culture was
certainly overshadowed by that of the Puritans.
［D］Thus, the culture of America during The Colonial period was far more sensative to outside influences than historians are accustomed to acknowledge.

 Text 4

The term “formal learning” refers to all learning which takes place in the classroom regardless of whether such learning is informed by conservative or progressive ideologies. “Informal learning”, on the other hand, is used to refer to l earning which takes place outside the classroom.

These definitions provide the essential difference between the two modes of learning. Formal learning is separated from daily life and may actually promote ways of learning and thinking which often run counter to those obtained from practical daily life. A characteristic feature of formal learning is the centrality of activities which can prepare for the challenges of adult life outside the classroom, but it cannot, by its nature, consist of these challenges.

In doing this, language plays a critical role as the major channel for information exchange. The language of the classroom is more similar to the language used  by middle class families than that used by working class families. Middle class children thus find it easier to acquire the language of the classroom than their working-class classmates.

Informal learning, in contrast, occurs in the setting to which it relates, making learning immediately relevant. In this context, language does not occupy such an important role: the child’s experience of learning is more direct, involving  sight, touch, taste, and smell senses that are under-utilised in the classroom.

Whereas formal learning is transmitted by teachers selected to perform this role ,  informal learning is acquired as a natural part of a child’s socialisation. Adults or older children who are proficient in the skill or activity provide ― sometimes unintentionally ― target models of behaviour in the course of everyday activity. Informal learning, therefore, can take place at any time and place.

The motivation of the learner provides another critical difference between the two models of learning. The formal learner is generally motivated by some kind of external goal such as parental approval, social status, and potential financial reward. The informal learner, however, tends to be motivated by successful completion of the task itself and the partial acquisition of abult status.

Given that learning systems develop as a response to the social and economic contexts in which they are embedded, it is understandable that modern,highly urbanised societies have concentrated almost exclusively on the establishment of formal  education systems. What these societies have failed to recognise are the ways in which formal learning inhibits the child’s multi-sensory acquisition of practical skills. The failure to provide a child with a direct education may in part account for many of the social problems which trouble our societies.

56. Formal learning and informal learning are mainly distinguished by ____.
［A］the place where they take place
［B］the kind of knowledge to be obtained
［C］the people who learn
［D］the language used in instruction
57. The language used in classroom instruction explains     .
［A］how learning can take place efficiently
［B］why it is not easy for children of working class families to get high scores
［C］why informal learning is more important
［D］why formal learning does not work with children of middle class families
58. In informal learning,____.
［A］children usually follow the examples of adults to shape their own behaviour
［B］children’s learning is more direct
［C］children are highly motivated by the learning activity itself
［D］all of the above

59. The author’s attitude towards　the present state of formal learning is one of ____ .
［A］approval   ［B］criticism  ［C］suspicion   ［D］indifference
60. Which of the following most accurately describes the organization of the text?
［A］The author does nothing but define two modes of learning.
［B］The author first offers a definition to each of the two modes of learning and then compares them.
［C］The author compares the two mode of learning and concludes that informal learning is better than formal learning.
［D］The author advocates banning formal learning for it accounts for many of the social problems which trouble our societies.

Part B

Directions:
Read the following text carefully and then translate the underlined segments into Chinese.Your translation should be written clearly on A NSWER SHEET 2.(10 points)

Ordinarily when we think of the crowd, we picture a group of individuals massed in one place; but physical closeness is not essential to crowd behaviour, especi ally in a society like ours with instruments of mass communication like the news paper and radio. 61) What is crucial to the understanding of the crowd is the highly emotional responses of individuals when they are released from the restraints that usually inhibit extreme behaviour. What releases the customary restraints and leads to crowd behaviour?

Crowd emotionality is perhaps best interpreted in terms of heightened suggestibility, that is, the tendency of an individual in a crowd to respond uncritically to the stimuli provided by the other members. The individual learns to make al most automatic responses to the wishes of others, particularly those in authority and those he greatly respects. From infancy on, he is so dependent upon the judgment of others for direction in his own affairs that he comes to lean heavily on the opinions of others. 62) Moreover, he learns to value highly the esteem in which other persons hold him and consequently he courts their favour by conforming to their ways and wishes . For these reasons, among others, when h e finds himself in a congenial crowd of person,all of whom are excited, it is natural that he, too, should be affected.

The effect of suggestion is to produce a partial dislocation of consciousness. W hen we are critical about a matter, we give it a close attention, and our whole interest is centered upon it. But when a suggestion is made by someone whom we esteem, our attention is divided, partly on the issue at hand, partly on the person who makes the suggestion. 63) The more awesome the source of the suggestion, the greater the degree of dissociation and the greater the amount of automatic behaviour.

If the crowd has a leader who is admired, the effect of the suggestion is still further heightened. The situation is illustrated by hypnotism(催眠术), where the  effectiveness of the suggestion depends on the attitude of the subject towards  the hypnotist. No one can be hypnotized against his will; and the best results are obtained where close cooperation exists between subject and experimenter. The effect of suggestion should help us to understand the frenzy(狂热) of a camp meeting led by an evangelist like the late Billy Sunday, or the hysteria of a Nazi m ass meeting led by Hitler.

The group factor also influences crowd behaviour through the security which an individual feels when he is part of the mass. Individuals are less reluctant to join a lynching party than to commit murder on their own. 64) The explanation would seem to lie partly in the fact that the action seems more defensible w hen carried out by the group and partly in the fact the individual responsibility is blotted . The participants remain anonymous and there is no one upon whom the authorities can pin the offence. 65) This condition, in which the group does not identify its members as individuals and which therefore has been called “deindividualization”, leads to reduction of inner restraint and to more  expressive behaviour   .

Section Ⅳ   Writing

Directions:
Write an essay on the problem of water shortage according to the information given below.

1) Causes: population explosion; growing economy; wasting water

2) Solutions: exploiting water; diverting water from rivers

3) My suggestion: saving water

You should write about 200 words neatly on ANSWER SHEET 2. (20 points)