洋话笔记本(七十)

1, In the import and export business, we often make inquiries at foreign suppliers.
   在进出口交易中，我们常向外商询价。

2, To make an inquiry about our oranges, a representative of the Japanese company paid us a visit.
   为了对我们的橙子询价，那家日本公司的一名代表访问了我们。

3, We cannot take care of your enquiry at present.
   我们现在无力顾及你方的询盘。

4, Your enquiry is too vague to enable us to reply you.
   你们的询盘不明确，我们无法答复。

5, Now that we've already made an inquiry about your articles, will you please reply as soon as possible?
   既然我们已经对你们产品询价，可否尽快给予答复？

6, China National Silk Corporation received the inquiry sheet sent by a British company.
   中国丝绸公司收到了英国一家公司的询价单。

7, Thank you for your inquiry.
   谢谢你们的询价。

洋话笔记本(七十一)

1. We have inquired of Manager Zhang about the varieties, quality and price of tea.
   我们向张经理询问了茶叶的品种、质量、价格等问题。

2. We have the offer ready for you.
   我们已经为你准备好报盘了。

3. I come to hear about your offer for fertilizers.
   我来听听你们有关化肥的报盘。

4. Please make us a cable offer.
   请来电报盘。

5. Please make an offer for the bamboo shoots of the quality as that in the last contract.
   请把上次合同中订的那种质量的竹笋向我们报个价。

6. We are in a position to offer tea from stock.
   我们现在可以报茶叶现货。

7. We'll try our best to get a bid from the buyers.
   我们一定尽力获得买主的递价。

8. We'll let you have the official offer next Monday.
   下星期就给您正式报盘。

9. I'm waiting for your offer.
   我正等您的报价。

10.We can offer you a quotation based upon the international market.
   我们可以按国际市场价格给您报价。

洋话笔记本(七十二)

1，We have accepted your firm offer.
   我们已收到了你们报的实盘。

2，We offer firm for reply 11 a.m. tomorrow.
   我们报实盘，以明天上午11点答复为有效。

3，We'll let you have our firm offer next Sunday.
   下星期天我们就向你们发实盘。

4，We're willing to make you a firm offer at this price.
   我们愿意以此价格为你报实盘。

5，Could you offer us F.O.B. prices.
   能向我们报离岸价格吗？

6，All your prices are on C.I.F. basis.
   你们所有价格都是成本加运费保险费价格。

7，Can you make an offer, C.& F. London, at your earliest convenience?
   您能尽快报一个伦敦港成本加运费价格吗？

8，I'd like to have your lowest quotations, C.I.F. Vancouver.
   请报温哥华到岸价的最低价格。

9，Please make us a cable offer for 5 metric tons of walnut.
   请电报5吨核桃仁的价格。

10，Our offer is RMB300 per set of tape-recorder, F.O.B. Tianjin.
   我们的报价是每台收录机300元人民币，天津离岸价。

洋话笔记本(七十三)

1，We want to develop direct contact with Continental buyers for ourselves.
   我们想为自己的公司同欧洲大陆的买主建立起直接的联系。

2，We see that your firm specializes in Light Industrial Goods, and we are willing to establish business relationship with you.
   得知贵公司专门经营轻工业品，我们愿意与贵公司建立业务关系。

3，We are one of the largest importers of Electric Goods in this city, and we wish to establish business relationship with you.
   我们是此地最大的电器进口商之一，愿意与你们建立业务关系。

4，Our company is thinking of expanding its business relationship with China.
   我公司想扩大与中国的贸易关系。

5，As is known, we set great store by the trade relationship with the third world countries.
   众所周知，我们十分重视同第三世界国家的贸易关系。

6，We look forward to reactivating our business relationship.
   我们盼望我们的业务关系重新活跃起来。

7，My offer was based on reasonable profit, not on wild speculations.
   我的报价以合理利润为依据，不是漫天要价。

8，We have received offers recently, most of which are below 100 U.S. dollars.
   我们最近的报价大多数都在100美元以下。

9，Moreover, We've kept the price close to the costs of production.
   再说，这已经把价格压到生产费用的边缘了。

10,I think the price we offered you last week is the best one.
   相信我上周的报价是最好的。

洋话笔记本(七十四)

1，No other buyers have bid higher than this price.
   没有别的买主的出价高于此价。

2，The price you offered is above previous prices.
   你方报价高于上次。

3，It was a higher price than we offered to other suppliers.
   此价格比我们给其他供货人的出价要高。

4，We can't accept your offer unless the price is reduced by 5%.
   除非你们减价5%，否则我们无法接受报盘。

5，I'm afraid I don't find your price competitive at all.
   我看你们的报价毫无任何竞争性。

6，Let me make you a special offer.
   好吧，我给你一个特别优惠价。

7，We'll give you the preference of our offer.
   我们将优先向你们报盘。

8，I should have thought my offer was reasonable.
   我本以为我的报价是合理的。

9，You'll see that our offer compares favorably with the quotations you can get elsewhere.
   你会发现我们的报价比别处要便宜。

10,This offer is based on an expanding market and is competitive.
   此报盘着眼于扩大销路而且很有竞争性。

洋话笔记本(七十五)

1，I'm afraid the offer is unacceptable.
   恐怕你方的报价不能接受。

2，The offer is not workable.
   报盘不可行。

3，The offer is given without engagement.
   报盘没有约束力。

4，It is difficult to quote without full details.
   未说明详尽细节难以报价。

5，Buyers do not welcome offers made at wide intervals.
   买主不欢迎报盘间隔太久。

6，We cannot make any headway with your offer.
   你们的报盘未得任何进展。

7，Please renew your offer for two days further.
   请将报盘延期两天。

8，Please renew your offer on the same terms and conditions.
   请按同样条件恢复报盘。

9，We regret we have to decline your offer.
   很抱歉，我们不得不拒绝你方报盘。

10，The offer is withdrawn.
   该报盘已经撤回。

洋话笔记本(七十六)

1，Our offers are for 3 days.
   我们的报盘三天有效。

2，We have extended the offer as per as your request.
   我们已按你方要求将报盘延期。

3，The offer holds good until 5 o'clock p.m. 23nd of June, 1997, Beijing time.
   报价有效期到1997年6月22日下午5点，北京时间。

4，All prices in the price lists are subject to our confirmation.
   报价单中所有价格以我方确认为准。

5，This offer is subject to your reply reaching here before the end of this month.
   该报盘以你方本月底前到达我地为有效。

6，This offer is subject to the goods being unsold.
   该报盘以商品未售出为准。

7，We prefer to withhold offers for a time.
   我们宁愿暂停报盘。

8，Buyers are worried at the lack of offer.
   买主因无报盘而苦恼。

9，Let's have you counter-offer.
   请还个价。

10,Do you want to make a counter-offer?
   您是否还个价？

洋话笔记本(七十七)

1、I appreciate your counter-offer but find it too low.
   谢谢您的还价，可我觉得太低了。

2、Now we look forward to replying to our offer in the form of counter-offer.
   现在我们希望你们能以还盘的形式对我方报盘予以答复。

3、Your price is too high to interest buyers in counter-offer.
   你的价格太高，买方没有兴趣还盘。

4、Your counter-offer is much more modest than mine.
   你们的还盘比我的要保守得多。

5、We make a counter-offer to you of $150 per metric ton F.O.B. London.
   我们还价为每公吨伦敦离岸价150美元。

6、I'll respond to your counter-offer by reducing our price by three dollars.
   我同意你们的还价，减价3元。

7、The goods are available in different qualities.
   此货有多种不同的质量可供。

8、Nothing wrong will happen, so long as the quality of your article is good.
   只要商品质量可靠，就不会发生差错。

9、If the quality of your products is satisfactory, we may place regular orders.
   如果你们产品的质量使我们满意，我们将不断订货。

10、If the quality of your initial shipment is found satisfactory, large repeats will follow.
   如果贵方第一批运来的货令人满意，随后将有大批续订。

洋话笔记本(七十八)

1，There is no marked qualitative difference between the two.
   两者在质量上无显著差异。

2，We sincerely hope the quality are in conformity with the contract stipulations.
   我们真诚希望质量与合同规定相符。

3，As long as the quality is good, it hardly matters if the price is a little bit higher.
   只要能保证质量，售价高点都无所谓。

4，Prices are fixed according to their quality, aren't they?
   价格按质量的好坏而定，对吗？

5，The transferee must see to it that the quality of the product is maintained.
   接受转让一方要负责保持产品的质量。

6，Our Certificate of Quality is made valid by means of the official seal.
   我们的质量证明书盖公章方为有效。

7，We'll improve the quality of our products and production efficiency.
   我们将改进产品质量，提高生产率。

8，They are fully qualified to pass opinions on the quality of this merchandise.
   他们完全有资格对这种产品的质量发表意见。

9，We would like to have you offer us 100 metric tons, quality same as last.
   希望您能报给我们100吨质量和上次相同的货。

10，We find the quality suitable (unsuitable) for our market.
   产品质量适合(不适合)我们的市场。

洋话笔记本(七十九)

1，This is a quality product.
   这是一种高质量的产品。

2，Those overcoats are of good quality and nice colour.
   这批大衣质量高、成色好。

3，Our quartz technique is well known in the world, and we believe our watches are of fine quality.
   我们的石英技术世界闻名，相信我们生产的手表具有高质量。

4，Our price is a little bit higher, but the quality of our products is better.
   虽然价格偏高，但我们的产品质量很好。

5，Your goods are superior in quality compared with those of other manufacturers.
   和其他厂商相比，贵方产品质量上乘。

6，The equipment are of good quality and very useful.
   这些器械质量好，用处大。

7，Our products are very good in quality, and the price is low.
   我们的产品质高价低。

8，We have received the goods you send us, the quality is excellent.
   我们已经收到贵处来的货，质量很好。                           