洋话笔记本(六十)

1. You look very serious about something.
   你似乎有很严重的事。

2. I hope I'm not in the way.
   我希望没有造成妨碍。

3. What are you so excited about?
   什么事让你如此兴奋？

4. Tell me about you trouble.
   把你的烦恼告诉我。

5. I feel much better now.
   我感觉好多了。

6. I hope you will get well soon.
   希望你很快会恢复。

7. She is sick in bed.
   她卧病在床。

8. I have a slight fever.
   我轻微发烧。

9. A fool never learns.
   傻瓜永远学不会。

10.This is the schedule for tomorrow.
   这是明天的日程安排。

洋话笔记本(六十一)

1. How late are you open?
   你们营业到多晚？

2. I'm here on business.
   我来这里出差。

3. What's Hong Kong famous for?
   香港以什么闻名？

4. What brings you to Beijing?
   什么风把你吹到北京来的？

5. She looks blue.
   她满面忧伤。

6. I just don't know what to say.
   我就是不知道说什么。

7. Let's have fun tonight.
   今晚让我们乐一乐。

8. Thank you for coming to see me off.
   谢谢你来为我送行。

洋话笔记本(六十二)

1，They mainly trade with Japanese firms.
   他们主要和日本商行进行贸易。

2，For the past five years, we have done a lot of trade with your company.
   在过去的五年中，我们与贵国进行了大量的贸易。

3，Our trade is conducted on the basis of equality.
   我们是在平等的基础上进行贸易。

4，There has been a slowdown in the wool trade with you.
   和你们的羊毛贸易已有所减少。

5，Our foreign trade is continuously expanding.
   我们的对外贸易不断发展。

6，Trade in leather has gone up (down) 3%.
   皮革贸易上升(下降)了百分之三。

7，Trade in general is improving.
   贸易情况正在好转。

8，Our company mainly trades in arts and crafts.
   我们公司主要经营手工艺品。

9，They are well-known in trade circles.
   他们在贸易界很有名望。

10,We trade with people in all countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
   我们在平等互利的基础上和各国人民进行贸易。

洋话笔记本(六十三)

1，Can we do a barter trade?
   咱们能不能做一笔易货贸易呢？

2，Is it still a direct barter trade?
   这还算是一种直接的易货贸易吗？

3，If you agree to our proposal of a barter trade, we'll give you paper in exchange for your timber.
   如果你方同意我们进行易货贸易的建议，我们将用纸与你们交换木材。

4，Shall we sign a triangle trade agreement?
   我们订一个三角贸易协议好吗？

5，A triangle trade can be carried out among the three of us.
   我们三方可进行三角贸易。

6，Compensation trade is, in fact, a kind of loan.
   补偿贸易实际上是一种信贷。

7，We may agree to do processing trade with you.
   我们同意与你们进行来料加工贸易。

8，If you're interested in leasing trade, please let us know.
   如果你们有意做租赁贸易，请告诉我们。

9，We wonder whether you do counter trade.
   我们不知道你们是否做抵偿贸易。

10，To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of Chinas foreign policy.
   尊重买方国家的风俗习惯是我国贸易政策的一个重要方面。

洋话笔记本(六十四)

1，We want to develop direct contact with Continental buyers for ourselves.
   我们想为自己的公司同欧洲大陆的买主建立起直接的联系。

2，We see that your firm specializes in Light Industrial Goods, and we are willing to establish business relationship with you.
   得知贵公司专门经营轻工业品，我们愿意与贵公司建立业务关系。

3，We are one of the largest importers of Electric Goods in this city, and we wish to establish business relationship with you.
   我们是此地最大的电器进口商之一，愿意与你们建立业务关系。

4，We are willing to enter into business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
   我们愿在平等互利的基础上与贵公司建立业务关系。

5，Our two countries have had trade relations for ten years.
   我们两国之间已经有了10年的贸易关系。

6，We've never had any difficulties with our Chinese partners, and we'd like to make as many new contacts as we can.
   和中国同行共事从来没有什么困难，希望今后我们之间尽可能多地建立新的关系。

7，We have made a very good start in our business with Japan.
   我们和日本在业务上有了良好的开端。

8，Our company is thinking of expanding its business relationship with China.
   我公司想扩大与中国的贸易关系。

9，As is known, we set great store by the trade relationship with the third world countries.
   众所周知，我们十分重视同第三世界国家的贸易关系。

10,We look forward to reactivating our business relationship.
   我们盼望我们的业务关系重新活跃起来。

洋话笔记本(六十五)

1，We shall welcome a chance to renew our friendly relationship.
   很高兴能有机会来恢复我们的友好关系。

2，We'll try our best to widen our business relationship with you.
   我们将尽力扩大同你们的贸易关系。

3，We're writing you in order to establish business relationship.
   我们写此信是为了与你方建立业务关系。

4，The arrangement will contribute to cement our pleasant relationship.
   此项安排将有助于巩固我们良好的关系。

5，We're willing to restore our business relationship.
   我们希望能恢复贸易关系。

6，It will be advantageous if steps are taken to resume our business relationship on the basis of mutual benefit.
　 如果我们采取措施在互利的基础上恢复业务关系，对我们都是有利的。

7，The depressed market results in the stagnation of trade.
   市场萧条导致贸易停滞。

8，We have been doing quite well in our business, we are willing to open an account with you.
   我们的生意一直做得不错，希望能与你们建立帐户往来关系。

洋话笔记本(六十六)

1，When could you introduce me to your sister company?
   什么时候把贵公司的兄弟公司介绍给我们？

2，Would you please introduce us to some of the most reliable exporters of Chinese handicrafts?
   请向我们推荐一些最可靠的中国手工艺品出口商，可以吗？

3，If you are interested in dealing, with us in other products of our company, please inform us of your requirements as well as your banker's name and address.
   如果你们有意经营我公司其他产品，请告知你方要求及往来银行的名称和地址。

4，Because of the rapid development of our business in Asia, we think it's necessary to open a branch at the following address.
   鉴于我们在亚洲地区业务的迅速发展，有必要在下列地点设立分公司。

5，We've often expressed our interest in investing in China.
   我们一直对在中国投资很感兴趣。

6，Our abundant resources and stable policy provide foreigners with the advantages they invest here.
   我们丰富的资源和稳定的政策为外商投资提供了有利条件。

7，Thank you for your manner of business cooperation.
   我们对你们的合作态度非常满意。

8，We have been working on expanding our scope of cooperation with China.
   我们一直努力设法扩大与中国的合作范围。

9，We believe in long-term cooperation with China because we view the future as bright.
   我们相信与中国长期合作的前途是光明的。

洋话笔记本(六十七)

1，Heavy enquiries witness the quality of our products.
   大量询盘证明我们产品质量过硬。

2，As soon as the price picks up, enquiries will revive.
   一旦价格回升，询盘将恢复活跃。

3，Enquiries for carpets are getting more numerous.
   对地毯的询盘日益增加。

4，Enquiries are so large that we can only than allot you 200 cases.
   询盘如此之多，我们只能分给你们200箱货。

5，Enquiries are dwindling.
   询盘正在减少。

6，Enquiries are dried up.
   询盘正在绝迹。

7，They promised to transfer their future enquiries to Chinese Corporations.
   他们答应将以后的询盘转给中国公司。

8，Generally speaking, inquiries are made by the buyers.
   询盘一般由买方发出。

9，Mr.Baker is sent to Beijing to make an inquiry at China National Textiles Corporation.
   贝克先生来北京向中国纺织公司进行询价。

10，We regret that the goods you inquire about are not available.
   很遗憾，你们所询的货物现在无货。

洋话笔记本(六十八)

1，May I have an idea of your prices?
   可以了解一下你们的价格吗？

2，Can you give me an indication of price?
   你能给我一个估价吗？

3，Please let us know your lowest possible prices for the relevant goods.
   请告知你们有关商品的最低价。

4，If your prices are favorable, I can place the order right away.
   如果你们的价格优惠，我们可以马上订货。

5，When can I have your firm C.I.F. prices, Mr. Li?
   李先生，什么时候能得到你们到岸价的实盘？

6，We'd rather have you quote us F.O.B.prices.
   我们希望你们报离岸价格。

7，Would you tell us your best prices C.I.F. Humburg for the chairs.
   请告诉你方椅子到汉堡到岸价的最低价格。

洋话笔记本(六十九)

1，Will you please tell the quantity you require so as to enable us to sort out the offers?
   为了便于我方报价，可以告诉我们你们所要的数量吗？

2，We'd like to know what you can offer as well as your sales conditions.
   我们想了解你们能供应什么，以及你们的销售条件。

3，How long does it usually take you to make delivery?
   你们通常要多久才能交货？

4，Could you make prompt delivery?
   可以即期交货吗？

5, Would you accept delivery spread over a period of time?
   不知你们能不能接受在一段时间里分批交货？

6，Could you tell me which kind of payment terms you'll choose?
   能否告知你们将采用哪种付款方式？

7，Will you please tell us the earliest possible date you can make shipment?
   你能否告知我们最早船期吗？

8，Do you take special orders?
   你们接受特殊订货吗？

9，Could you please send us a catalog of your rubber boots together with terms of payment?
   你能给我们寄来一份胶靴的目录，连同告诉我们付款方式吗？

10，He inquired about the varieties, specifications and price, and so on and so forth.
   他询问了品种、花色和价格等情况。                           