最新托福作文题库及样文2
    Of course, other means of communication have their own advantages. However, face-to-face communication meets the needs of human nature-to exchange feelings with other people. So it should never be replaced with other means of communication.
    Some people like to do only what they already do well. Other people prefer to try new things and take risks. Which do you prefer? 
    Everyone wants to do things well. Some people like to do only what they already do well. Other people prefer to try new things and take risks. Both of them have their reasons.
    To do only what we already do well has many advantages. First of all, since you already have much experience, it is more likely that you can make more achievements than other people. Secondly, you can work more efficiently. You do not have to spend much money and energy trying new things. Third, it is safe. it is very unlikely that you will lose your fortune or career overnight. 
    To try new things and take risks also has many advantages. First, you can challenge yourself and tap your potential. Next, you can find chance for bigger success. Furthermore, you can learn a great deal from your adventures. 
    Some people believe that success in life comes from taking risks or chances. Others believe that success results from careful planning. In your opinion, what does success come from? 
    Everyone wants to make success. Some people believe that success in life comes from taking risks or chances. Others believe that success results from careful planning. Both of them have their reasons.
    Taking risks and chances can bring people success. First of all, because most people do not want to take risks or chances, you will have very few competitors. It is more likely that you will be successful. Secondly, since you can learn a great deal from your adventures, it is more likely that you will be successful in the future. 
    Careful planning can also bring people success. Firstly, if you plan carefully, you can make good use of your time and chance. It is less likely that you will make any mistake. And success is guaranteed. Because success involves many factors, only those who plan well can ensure success. If you do not plan properly, one mistake can ruin the whole project and lead to failure.
    What change would make your hometown more appealing to people your age? 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The most important aspect of a job is the money a person earns. 
    Everyone has to work. Some people say that the most important aspect of a job is the money a person earns. I do not quite agree with this statement. There are several reasons for my position.
    First of all, although money is an important aspect of a job, you should also think about the prospect of your personal career. For example, …
    Secondly, you should also think about your interest. If you do a job that you hate, it will become a torture. 
    Thirdly, you should consider whether you could handle the job. If the job is too heavy for you, you will get a great deal of pressure from it. You will not be happy about it and money will not help. 
    Thus, I do not quite agree with the above statement. Of course, money is undoubtedly a very important aspect of a job. However, we should never take it as the only aspect of a job. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? One should never judge a person by external appearances. 
    It is very difficult to judge a person. Some people say that one should never judge a person by external appearances. Basically, I agree with this statement. There are several reasons for my position.
    First of all, some external appearances are created to give other people a false impression. For example, some rich people tend to hide their wealth by wearing common clothes. 
    Secondly, the physical appearance of a person takes shape by birth and cannot be changed. For instance, a kind-hearted may have an ugly, fierce-looking face that he cannot change. 
    Thirdly, some talented people or geniuses never care about their external appearances. For instance, Einstein never combed his hair. He often looked like a beggar on the street. This is because he focused his attention on the research topics that he was really interested in.
    Thus, I do not quite agree with the above statement. Of course, the external appearance is also an important reference in judging a person. As the Chinese proverb goes, the external appearance is a reflection of a person's character. However, we should never take it as the only reference when we judge a person. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? A person should never make an important decision alone. 
    It is very difficult to make an important decision. Some people say that one should never make an important decision alone. I do not quite agree with this statement. There are several reasons for my position.
    First of all, in some cases, you have to make a decision by yourself. Suppose you were a pilot and you had an accident, you had to decision what to do instantly. You just have no time to consult other people. 
    Secondly, even if you have time to consult other people, they will give you different opinions. In this case, you still have to make the decision by yourself. After all, it is you own business.
    Thirdly, if you never make important decisions alone, you will never grow up. 
    Thus, I do not quite agree with the above statement. Of course, it is always beneficial to hear other people's opinion when we make an important decision. However, we should never leave our decisions to other people. 
    A company is going to give some money either to support the arts or to protect the environment. Which do you think the company should choose? 
    Some movies are serious, designed to make the audience think. Other movies are designed primarily to amuse and entertain. Which type of movie do you prefer? 
    Movies are designed for different purposes. Some movies are serious, designed to make the audience think. Other movies are designed primarily to amuse and entertain. Both types of movies have their own values. 
    Serious movies are valuable for several reasons. First of all, they are more meaningful and instructive. Humans are reasonable animals. They need to think. And serious movies meet the needs of our nature. Secondly, serious movies are more attractive to people, especially educated people. The effect of the movies is usually long-lasting. Last but not least, they can help widen people's vision and enrich their knowledge. 
    Entertaining movies are also valuable in several ways. In the first place, they can bring people a lot of fun and amusement. Most people just want to amusement themselves when they go to movies. Next, they can help us to relax after a long day's work. Not many people would like to be instructed any longer once they are home. Furthermore, entertaining movies can stimulate our imagination and creative thinking. Those movies are usually highly creative. 
    Personally, I prefer to watch serious movies. This is mainly because I want to learn more thoughts from great thinkers. I believe that ideas are more important than facts. Of course, when I feel very tired, I do not mind watching entertaining movies once in a while. (221 words)
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Businesses should do anything they can to make a profit. 
    Profit is fascinating to every businessman. Some people say that businesses should do anything they can to make a profit. I do not quite agree with this statement. (Basically I agree with this statement.) There are several reasons for my position.
    Some people are always in a hurry to go places and get things done. Other people prefer to take their time and live life at a slower pace. Which do you prefer? 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Games are as important for adults as they are for children. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents or other adult relatives should make important decisions for their older (15 to 18 year-old) teenage children. 
    What do you want most in a friend? someone who is intelligent, or someone who has a sense of humor, or someone who is reliable?
    Which one of these characteristics is most important to you? 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Most experiences in our lives that seemed difficult at the time become valuable lessons for the future. 
    Some people prefer to work for themselves or own a business. Others prefer to work for an employer. Would you rather be self-employed, work for someone else, or own a business? 
    Everyone has to work, one way or another. Some people prefer to work for themselves or own a business. Others prefer to work for an employer. Both ways of employment have their own advantages. 
    There are three advantages to owning a business. 
    Should a city try to preserve its old, historic buildings or destroy them and replace them with modern buildings?
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Classmates are a more important influence than parents on a child's success in school. 
    If you were an employer, which kind of worker would you prefer to hire: an inexperienced worker at a lower salary or an experienced worker at a higher salary? 
    If you could study a subject that you have never had the opportunity to study, what would you choose? 
    Some people think that the automobile has improved modern life. Others think that the automobile has caused serious problems. What is your opinion? 
    Which would you choose: a high-paying job with long hours that would give you little time with family and friends or a lower-paying job with shorter hours that would give you more time with family and friends?
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Grades (marks) encourage students to learn. 
    Some people say that computers have made life easier and more convenient. Other people say that computers have made life more complex and stressful. What is your opinion? 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The best way to travel is in a group led by a tour guide. 
    Some universities require students to take classes in many subjects. Other universities require students to specialize in one subject. Which is better?
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children should begin learning a foreign language as soon as they start school.
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Boys and girls should attend separate schools. 
    Is it more important to be able to work with a group of people on a team or to work independently?
    Your city has decided to build a statue or monument to honor a famous person in your country. Who would you choose? 
    Describe a custom from your country that you would like people from other countries to adopt. Explain your choice, using specific reasons and examples.
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Technology has made the world a better place to live. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Advertising can tell you a lot about a country. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Modern technology is creating a single world culture. 
    Some people say that the Internet provides people with a lot of valuable information. Others think access to so much information creates problems. Which view do you agree with? 
    A foreign visitor has only one day to spend in your country. Where should this visitor go on that day? Why? 
    If you could go back to some time and place in the past, when and where would you go? Why? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.
    What discovery in the last 100 years has been most beneficial for people in your country? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Telephones and email have made communication between people less personal. 
    If you could travel back in time to meet a famous person from history, what person would you like to meet? 
    If you could meet a famous entertainer or athlete, who would that be, and why? 
    If you could ask a famous person one question, what would you ask? Why? 
    Some people prefer to live in places that have the same weather or climate all year long. Others like to live in areas where the weather changes several times a year. Which do you prefer? 
    Many students have to live with roommates while going to school or university. What are some of the important qualities of a good roommate? Use specific reasons and examples to explain why these qualities are important.
    Some time in our life, we need to share our room with other people. For example, when we go to school or university, or even when we work in a company, we all need to have roommates. It is a fortune to get a good roommate. There are many qualities to a good roommate. In my opinion, the following characteristics are the major ones.
    First of all, he should be kind. For example, when you are sick, he will go out of his way to take care of you. He will call the doctor, or send you to hospital, and fill the prescriptions for you. 
    Secondly, he should be optimistic and humorous.
    Thirdly, he should be conscientious enough to clean the room.
    Last, he should have good habits. He does not smoke, at least not in my presence. He does not drink. 
    Of course, it is very difficult to find a roommate with these characteristics. Everyone has his shortcomings. We should not expect our roommates to be perfect. We ourselves should be kind enough to tolerate our roommates' shortcomings. And we should also try to be good roommates to other people. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Dancing plays an important role in a culture. 
    People have different ways of escaping the stress and difficulties of modern life. Some read; some exercise; others work in their gardens. What do you think are the best ways of reducing stress?
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Teachers should be paid according to how much their students learn. 
    If you were asked to send one thing representing your country to an international exhibition, what would you choose? Why? 
    You have been told that dormitory rooms at your university must be shared by two students. Would you rather have the university assign a student to share a room with you, or would you rather choose your own roommate?
    Some people think governments should spend as much money as possible exploring outer space (for example, traveling to the Moon and to other planets). Other people disagree and think governments should spend this money for our basic needs on Earth. Which of these two opinions do you agree with?
    Some people like doing work by hand. Others prefer using machines. Which do you prefer? 
    Schools should ask students to evaluate their teachers. Do you agree or disagree?
    At present, people pay more and more attention to education. Some people say that schools should ask students to evaluate their teachers. I do agree with this statement. There are at least three reasons for my decision.
    First of all, the feedback of the students will help the school to know which teacher is excellent and which is incompetent. This will be beneficial to the development of the school. Since the principal is not a student, he does not know about the performance of all the teachers. But the feedback of the students will make it possible. This practice will help the school to become much better and much stronger.
    
    Secondly, this practice will help improve the quality of lectures. If the teacher knows that the students will evaluate him, he will be motivated and will prepare his lessons better than before so as to become the best teacher of the school. If the teacher is full of passion, the students will be attracted and will enjoy their study, thus making more progress. Without such practice, the teacher will become lazy. 
    Lastly, this practice provides a stage for the teacher to prove himself. If a teacher wants to prove that he is a better teacher than other teachers, this is the chance. And all the teachers can compete with each other on a fair basis. Rather than pleasing the principal to get a promotion, he will dedicate himself to teaching, using all his talent and ability to the full, so that the students will deem him as better than other teachers. 
    For the reasons I mentioned above, I therefore strongly support the opinion that schools should ask students to evaluate their teachers. Of course, the evaluation of the students sometimes can be inaccurate, and this practice will bring much tension to the teachers. However, this will certainly help improve the quality of education. We should insist on this practice, although with caution.
    In your opinion, what is the most important characteristic (for example, honesty, intelligence, a sense of humor) that a person can have to be successful in life? (not limited to the examples listed in the question.)
    It is generally agreed that society benefits from the work of its members. Compare the contributions of artists to society with the contributions of scientists. Which type of contribution do you think is valued more by your society? 
    Students at universities often have a choice of places to live. They may choose to live in university dormitories, or they may choose to live in apartments in the community. Compare the advantages of living in university housing with the advantages of living in an apartment in the community. Which would you prefer? 
    You need to travel from your home to a place 40 miles (64 kilometers) away. Compare the different kinds of transportation you could use. Tell which method of travel you would choose.
    Some people believe that the best way of learning about life is by listening to the advice of family and friends. Other people believe that the best way of learning about life is through personal experience. Compare the advantages of these two different ways of learning about life. Which do you think is preferable?
    When people move to another country, some of them decide to follow the customs of the new country. Others prefer to keep their own customs. Compare these two choices. Which one do you prefer? 
    Some people prefer to spend most of their time alone. Others like to be with friends most of the time. Do you prefer to spend your time alone or with friends? 
    Some people prefer to spend time with one or two close friends. Others choose to spend time with a large number of friends. Compare the advantages of each choice. Which of these two ways of spending time do you prefer? 
    Everyone has friends. Some people prefer to spend time with one or two close friends. Others like spending time with a large number of friends. I believe that both ways of spending time have their advantages.
    Spending time with one or two close friends has three advantages. First of all, it is easier for one or two close friends to have common interests and topics. For example, they can enjoy such topics as politics, economy, culture, history and so on. Secondly, it is easier for one to two friends to meet each other or hold parties. Contrarily, it is very difficult to organize many friends for a party. There is always someone unavailable. At last, spending time with one or two close friends saves us much time. Nowadays, most people are busy after work. Some people go to night schools; some have to work overtime. Spare time is getting less and less. It is good to spend a definite amount of time with one or two close friends.
    On the other hand, spending time with a large number of friends also has three advantages. First, because we have many friends, we can obtain more information from various fields. We can probably benefit from this information. Next, a large number of friends can bring a broader knowledge to share. We can learn things that we never knew before. For example, if a person has some friends from the information technology trade, he may get information about the latest development in this field. What is more, he can get help from them easily. For instance, when his computer breaks down, he can ask his friends from the IT fields to repair it for him.
    Personally, I prefer to spend time with one or two close friends. This is mainly because I am a busy person. I do not have much time after work. Another reason is that I pay more attention to the quality of friendships. Sticking to one or two friends can enhance the friendships. However, I do not oppose to spending time with a large number of friends once in a while, especially when I am doing such things as watching a soccer game. (364 words)
    Some people think that children should begin their formal education at a very early age and should spend most of their time on school studies. Others believe that young children should spend most of their time playing. 
    The government has announced that it plans to build a new university. Some people think that your community would be a good place to locate the university. Compare the advantages and disadvantages of establishing a new university in your community. 
    Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults. Other people think that friends are the most important influence on young adults. Which view do you agree with? 
    Some people prefer to plan activities for their free time very carefully. Others choose not to make any plans at all for their free time. Compare the benefits of planning free time activities with the benefits of not making plans. Which do you prefer-planning or not planning for your leisure time? 
    People learn in different ways. Some people learn by doing things; other people learn by reading about things; others learn by listening to people talk about things. Which of these methods of learning is best for you? 
    Some people choose friends who are different from themselves. Others choose friends who are similar to themselves. Compare the advantages of having friends who are different from you with the advantages of having friends who are similar to you. Which kind of friend do you prefer for yourself? Why?
    Some people enjoy change, and they look forward to new experiences. Others like their lives to stay the same, and they do not change their usual habits. Compare these two approaches to life. Which approach do you prefer? Explain why.
    Agree or disagree: People behave differently when they wear different clothes. Do you agree that different clothes influence the way people behave?
    Decisions can be made quickly, or they can be made after careful thought. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? The decisions that people make quickly are always wrong. 
    Some people trust their first impressions about a person's character because they believe these judgments are generally correct. Other people do not judge a person's character quickly because they believe first impressions are often wrong. Compare these two attitudes. Which attitude do you agree with? 
    Agree or disagree: People are never satisfied with what they have. They always want something more or something different.
    Agree or disagree: People should read only those books that are about real events, real people, and established facts. 
    Agree or disagree: It is more important for students to study history and literature than it is for them to study science and mathematics. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? All students should be required to study art and music in secondary school. 
    Agree or disagree: There is nothing that young people can teach older people. 
    Agree or disagree: Reading fiction (such as novels and short stories) is more enjoyable than watching movies.
    Some people say that physical exercise should be a required part of every school day. Other people believe that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies. Which opinion do you agree with? 
    A university plans to develop a new research center in your country. Some people want a center for business research. Other people want a center for research in agriculture (farming). Which of these two kinds of research centers do you recommend for your country? 
    Some young children spend a great amount of their time practicing sports. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of this. 
    Agree or disagree: Only people who earn a lot of money are successful. 
    If you could invent something new, what product would you develop? Use specific details to explain why this invention is needed.
    Agree or disagree: A person's childhood years (the time from birth to 12 years of age) are the most important years of a person's life. 
    Agree or disagree: Children should be required to help with household tasks as soon as they are able to do so. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
    Some high schools require all students to wear school uniforms. Other high schools permit students to decide what to wear to school. Which of these two school policies do you think is better? 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Playing a game is fun only when you win. Use specific reasons and examples to support your position.
    Agree or disagree: High schools should allow students to study the courses that students want to study. 
    Agree or disagree: It is better to be a member of a group than to be the leader of a group. 
    We all live or work in groups. One is either the leader of a group or a member of a group. Some people think it is better to be a member of a group than to be the leader. I do not agree with this statement. I prefer to be the leader of a group. There are several reasons for my choice.
    The first reason for my belief is that the leader of a group has more power. If he asks the members to do something, members must obey. Otherwise they will be punished. For instance, they can be fired. So the leader has more power than the members.
    The second reason for my belief is that the leader of a group has more chance to demonstrate his talent. All his members expect him to solve their problems and make decisions for them. Since the leader has more responsibilities, he also gets more chance to demonstrate his talent. 
    The third reason for my belief is that the leader of a group has more respect from the society. A good leader usually has more knowledge and experience. If his leadership is good, he will win the respect of his members and his friends.
    For the above reasons I there believe that it has more advantages to be the leader of a group. Of course, it is also good to be a member of a group. For example, he will not have as much stress. However, it is my predisposition to be a decision maker. (253 words)
    What do you consider to be the most important room in a house? Why is this room more important to you than any other room? 
    Some items (such as clothes or furniture) can be made by hand or by machine. Which do you prefer-items made by hand or items made by machine? 
    If you could make one important change in a school that you attended, what change would you make? 
    A gift (such as a soccer ball, a camera, or an animal) can contribute to a child's development. What gift would you give to help a child develop? Why? 
    Some people believe that students should be given one long vacation each year. Others believe that students should have several short vacations throughout the year. Which viewpoint do you agree with? 
    Would you prefer to live in a traditional house or in a modern apartment building? 
    Some people say that advertising encourages us to buy things we really do not need. Others say that advertisements tell us about new products that may improve our lives. Which viewpoint do you agree with? 
    Some people prefer to spend their free time outdoors. Other people prefer to spend their leisure time indoors. Would you prefer to be outside or would you prefer to be inside for your leisure activities.
    Your school has received a gift of money. What do you think is the best way for your school to spend this money.
    Agree or disagree: playing games teaches us about life.
    Imagine that you have received some land to use as you wish. How would you use this land? 
    Agree or disagree: watching television is bad for children.
    What is the most important animal in your country? Why is this animal important? 
    Many parts of the world are losing important natural resources, such as forests, animals, or clean water. Choose one resource that is disappearing and explain why it needs to be saved. 
    Agree or disagree: A zoo has no useful purpose. 
    In some countries people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public places and office buildings. Do you think this is a good law or a bad law? 
    Plants can provide food, shelter, clothing, or medicine. What is one kind of plant that is important to you or the people in your country? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.
    You have the opportunity to visit a foreign country for two weeks. Which country would you like to visit? Why? 
    In the future, students may have the choice of studying at home by using technology such as computers or television or of studying at traditional schools. Which would you prefer? 
    When famous people such as actors, athletes and rock stars give their opinions, many people listen. Do you think we should pay attention to these opinions? 
    The twentieth century saw great change. In your opinion, what is one change that should be remembered about the twentieth century.
    When people need to complain about a product or poor service, some prefer to complain in writing and others prefer to complain in person. Which way do you prefer? 
    People remember special gift or present that they have received. Why? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer. 
    Some famous athletes and entertainers earn millions of dollars every year. Do you think these people deserve such high salaries? 
    Is the ability to read and write more important today than in the past? Why or why not? 
    People do many different things to stay healthy. What do you do for good health? 
    You have decided to give several hours of your time each month to improve the community where you live. What is one thing you will do to improve your community? Why? 
    People recognize a difference between children and adults. What events (experiences or ceremonies) make a person an adult? 
    Your school has enough money to purchase either computers for students or books for the library. Which should your school choose to buy-computers or books? 
    已考过：Many students choose to attend schools or universities outside their home countries. Why do some students study abroad? 
    People listen to music for different reasons and at different times. Why is music important to many people? 
    Groups or organizations are an important part of some people's lives. Why are groups or organizations important to people? 
    Imagine that you are preparing for a trip. You plan to be away from your home for a year. In addition to clothing and personal care items, you can take one additional thing. 
    When students move to a new school, they sometimes face problems. How can schools help these students with their problems? 
    August 1998: It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship. Do you agree? Why or why not?
    Every generation of people is different in important ways. How is your generation different from your parents' generation? 
    Some students like classes where teachers lecture (do all of the talking) in class. Other students prefer classes where the students do some of the talking. Which type of class do you prefer? 
    Holidays honor people or events. If you could create a new holiday, what person or event would it honor and how would you want people to celebrate it? 
    A friend of yours has received some money and plans to use all of it either to go on vacation or to buy a car. Your friend has asked you for advice. Compare your friend's two choices and explain which one you think your friend should choose.
    The 21st century has begun. What changes do you think this new century will bring? Use examples and details in your answer. 
    What are some of the qualities of a good parent? Use specific details and examples to explain your answer.
    Movies are popular all over the world. Explain why movies are so popular. 
    In your country, is there more need for land to be left in its natural condition or is there more need for land to be developed for housing and industry? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer
    Many people have a close relationship with their pets. These people treat their birds, cats, or other animals as members of their family. In your opinion, are such relationships good? Why or why not? 
    Films can tell us a lot about the country in which they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies? 
    Some people like to study alone. Others like to study with several people together. Which do you prefer-study alone or study with other people? 
    You have enough money to purchase either a house or a business. Which would you choose to buy?