最新托福作文题库及样文1
    People attend college or university for many different reasons (for example, new experiences, career preparation, increased knowledge). Why do you think people attend college or university?
    Nowadays, more and more people attend college or university. However, different people have different reasons to attend college or university. Generally speaking, people can be categorized into three groups in terms of reasons.
    The first group is knowledge oriented. To these people, college is a perfect place for learning. For them, knowledge is an irresistible attraction to which they are willing to devote their whole life. Most of the scientists and scholars belong to this group.
    The second group is career oriented. To them, getting a college or university degree means a better job and a higher position. This group pursues a stable and decent job. They consider social status top priority in life. And attending college or university is a shortcut to their goals.
    The third group is interest oriented. People in this group attend college or university to pursue their interests. They pay more attention to new experiences. They need excitement in their boring life. This group usually has adequate financial resources, which relieve them of worries for the future.
    No matter for what reason people attend college or university, one thing is clear: the time one spent in college or university will be the most unforgettable period in one's life, and will greatly influence one's future. (209 words)
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Parents are the best teachers.
    Nowadays, people pay more and more attention to the role of the parents. Some people hold the opinion that parents are the best teachers in our life. Basically, I agree with this statement. My arguments for this point are listed as follows.
    One of my arguments is that parents are the first people to teach us how to be a person. Take my parents. When I was child, they always told me that if I want to be a good girl, I must be honest in the first place and that I should never lie to anyone. Once I broke my father's glasses when I was seven. In fact, if I wouldn't tell, nobody would know who broke it. However, I couldn't eat and sleep at ease at night. After I got up the next morning, I told father the truth. My father didn't blame me. On the contrary he said that I did the right thing to tell him about it. I had never felt so well at that moment. 
    Another important argument is that parents are the people who help us to grow, both physically and mentally. For example, my parents always teach me to do things by myself. My mother taught me to do whatever I can by myself. She told me not to expect them to stay with me forever and that only I help myself. My family had a housemaid when I was young. I often asked her to do many trifle things for me, such trifle things as passing me a towel. Because of this my mother was very angry and talked to me about it. Then I understood that I needed to learn to do things by myself and to respect other people. 
    Furthermore, parents have more time with their children, especially in their children's first few years-the most important years in one's life. Parents are the people who cultivate their children's intelligence and shape their characters in their first few years. My parents used to spend a great amount of time with me, playing with me and teaching me about the world around me.
    For the above reasons I therefore agree that parents are the best teachers in our life. Of course, this does not mean that schools and school teachers are not important. In fact, we learn a large number of things from school. However, parents are the best teacher in one's life. Their special role cannot be replaced by school teachers. (412 words)
    Nowadays, food has become easier to prepare. Has this change improved the way people live? 
    Some people prefer to live in a small town. Others prefer to live in a big city. Which place would you prefer to live in? 
    Nowadays people can choose to live anywhere they like. Some people prefer to live in a small town. Others prefer to live in a big city. I think both places have their own advantages.
    There are three advantages to living in a big city. First of all, people in a big city can enjoy a more colorful life than those in a small town. People a in big city are well-informed because they have easier access to the latest news. Secondly, people in a big city have more convenience than people in a small town. Traffic in a big city is so well-developed that the residents there can easily visit exhibitions and parks. For people in a small town, this is a major operation which involves considerable planning. Shopping, a necessary activity in everyday life, is more convenient in a big city than in a small town. People in a big city can buy what they want at any time of a day. But residents in a small town have to do shopping at most once a week. Thirdly, as far as food and clothes are concerned, people in a big city are better-fed and better-dressed as there is an adequate supply of goods. 
    Living in a small town also has its attractiveness. For one thing, residents in a small town seldom suffer from air pollution, noise and overcrowding, which are the biggest problems confronting big cities. Medical studies have proved that residents in small towns can live longer than residents in big cities, because the former are free from a contaminated environment. In addition, the crime rate in a big city is several times higher than that in a small town. What is more, it is more expensive to live in a big city than in a small town. So a safer, quieter and cheaper life in a small town appeals to many people in a big city. 
    Both small towns and big cities have their advantages and disadvantages. Personally I prefer to live in a small town, for the advantages of big cities are losing ground to small towns with the development of technology. The internet, TV, and other modern facilities have brought the world to our desk. The car has shortened the distance between from home and work. Living in a small town, we can enjoy both the convenience and variety of big cities and the peace, safety and quietness of the country. 
    Topic for December 1995："When people succeed, it is because of hard work. Luck has nothing to do with success." Do you agree or disagree with the quotation above? 
    Do you agree or disagree: Universities should give the same amount of money to their students' sports activities as they give to their university libraries.
    Many people visit museums when they travel to new places. Why do you think they people visit museums?
    Some people prefer to eat at food stands or restaurants. Others people prefer to prepare and eat food at home. Which do you prefer?
    导入People have different eating habits. 照抄Some people prefer to eat at food stands or restaurants. Others people prefer to prepare and eat food at home. 初步表态Both choices have their reasons.
    Eating outside has several advantages. First of all, it can save you much time. You can avoid the whole process of cooking, such as purchasing food, cleaning vegetables, cutting, cooking, washing dishes. Secondly, you can enjoy different flavors. For example, you can have a taste of Japanese food, Italian food, and food from other parts of the world. Thirdly, you can go to a different eating environment for a change. 
    Preparing and eating at home also has several advantages. In the first place, it saves you much money. Furthermore, you can enjoy the fun of cooking. The more you cook, the more skillful you will be. Next, you can cook any food to your own taste and in your own style. 
    Personally, I prefer to eat outside. This is mainly because I want to save the time for more work and study. I think that time is more valuable than money. However, I do not mind preparing and eating food at home once in a while, especially at the end of the month. 
    Some people believe that university students should be required to attend classes. Others believe that going to classes should be optional for students. Which point of view do you agree with?
    Attending classes is a very important part in a university education. Some people say that university students should be required to attend classes. Others believe that going to classes should be optional for students. Both of these two opinions have their reasons.
    Attending classes has several advantages. First of all, you can learn more efficiently by attending classes. Teachers are usually more knowledgeable than the students and they are usually better prepared for the lecture. Secondly, attending classes can help the students to avoid the waste of time. Not every student is disciplined. Some students will never study if they do not go to classes. Some may even use the time to do bad things, such as visiting pornographic websites. Thirdly, attending classes can help the students to join a group, thus creating a good atmosphere for study.
    On the other hand, making classes optional for the students also has some advantages. In the first place, the students can choose to attend the courses in which they are really interested. Furthermore, the students will have more free time for their personal development. Next, it will help the students to develop their ability to study by themselves. 
    Personally, I prefer to be required to attend classes. This is mainly because I need teachers' professional guidance to help me improve faster. However, sometimes I may want to have a choice, especially when I have to take a boring course. 
    Neighbors are the people who live near us. In your opinion, what are the qualities of a good neighbor? Use specific details and examples in your answer.
    Topic for October 2000 (shopping center): It has recently been announced that a new restaurant (a shopping center/ a high school/ a movie theater) may be built in your neighborhood. Do you support or oppose this plan? Why? 
    Topic for August 2000: Some people think that they can learn better by themselves than with a teacher. Others think that it is always better to have a teacher. Which do you prefer? 
    Some people think that they can learn better by themselves than with a teacher. Others think that it is always better to have a teacher. Which do you prefer?
    There are many ways in which people can learn. Some people think that they can learn better by themselves than with a teacher. Others think that it is always better to have a teacher. Both ways of learning have their advantages.
    Learning by oneself has several advantages. First of all, one can get great pleasure from solving problems alone. And this will help you to learn more. Secondly, one can get a better understanding of the things that he learns by himself and retain them in the memory longer. Last but not least, one can have a more flexible schedule, which will help him to learn more efficiently. For example, you can choose the best time for yourself to learn vocabulary or to do exercises. You do not have to spend time on the way to school. 
    Learning with a teacher also has several advantages. In the first place, one can learn more efficiently, for the teacher can transmit in ten minutes to his student the findings that may have cost him or any other person ten years, hence saving time for the students. Furthermore, it is easier for one to get the essentials of certain knowledge. All one needs to do is to sit there listening to the teacher. Last but not least, when you have problems that you cannot solve, you can get immediate help from your teacher, who is better trained in the field. 
    Personally, I prefer to study by myself. This is mainly because by learning is a lifetime career. Most of the time we will have to learn by ourselves. So it is important that one learn to learn. Of course, I would not mind learning with a teacher when it is possible. It makes more sense if we combine the two ways of learning together. (301 words)
    What are some important qualities of a good supervisor (boss)? Use specific details and examples to explain why these qualities are important.
    Should governments spend more money on improving roads and highways, or should governments spend more money on improving public transportation (buses, trains, subways)? Why? 
    Transportation is one of the major parts in our daily life. Some people say that governments should spend more money on improving roads and highways. Others believe that governments should spend more money on improving public transportation such as buses, trains, and subways. Both suggestions have their reasons.
    It is better for children to grow up in the countryside than in a big city. Do you agree or disagree? 
    In general, people are living longer now. Discuss the causes of this phenomenon. 
    We all work or will work in our jobs with many different kinds of people. In your opinion, what are some important characteristics of a co-worker (someone you work closely with)? 
    In some countries, teenagers have jobs while they are still students. Do you think this is a good idea? 
    A person you know is planning to move to your town or city. What do you think this person would like and dislike about living in your town or city? Why? 
    Agree or disagree: People should sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing.
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Television, newspapers, magazines, and other media pay too much attention to the personal lives of famous people such as public figures and celebrities.
    导入：Whenever we read newspapers or watch TV, we come across coverage of public figures and celebrities, most of which about their personal lives. 话题：Some people say that the media pay too much attention the personal lives of these people. 立场：I agree with this statement. 结构引导：There are two reasons for my position.
    On the one hand, reporting the personal lives of famous people will not bring any positive effect on the public. Example: effect on young fans
    On the other hand, reporting the personal lives of famous people will not bring any positive effect on these people themselves. Example: Princess Diana
    Since reporting the personal lives of famous people will bring nobody good, the media should not pay too much attention to the private side of these people's lives. Although reporting them can satisfy some people's curiosity and increase the circulation of the media, the media should not neglect their social responsibilities.
    Some people believe that the Earth is being harmed (damaged) by human activity. Others feel that human activity makes the Earth a better place to live. What is your opinion? 
    导入语The Earth is no longer the way it used to be. 话题Some people believe that the Earth is being harmed (damaged) by human activity. Others feel that human activity makes the Earth a better place to live. 初步立场Both statements have their own reasons.
    On the one hand, we are feeling more and more threatens from our environment. 
    emission of waste chemicals-the thinning and penetration in the ozone-cancer-global warming-the thawing of the glazier-El Nino
    loss of forests-floods-desertification-sand storms in Beijing. 
    extinctions of many species-threatens to the existence of the human beings. 
    On the other hand, life has become much more comfortable than before. 
    no more famines in most places-no more suffering from cold-travel around more easily-globalization through modern means of communications-explorations into the space.
    Personally, I tend to believe that the Earth is being harmed. Although life has become more comfortable than before, this living standard is achieved at the cost of the environment. In the long run, this comfort is not worth the later disasters. We, or our descendents, to be exact, will pay dear for our present comfort. Thus, I believe that we must be aware of the damage we have made to the Earth and do something about it before it is too late. 
    Some people spend their entire lives in one place. Others move a number of times throughout their lives, looking for a better job, house, community, or even climate. Which do you prefer: staying in one place or moving in search of another place?
    Paragraph 1: Opinion: both have their advantages.
    Paragraph 2: Advantages of living in one place: a safer environment; better-established career; better social connections; more friends and more familiar neighbors 
    Paragraph 3: Advantages of moving: more suitable places for you to stay; better job opportunities; a broader horizon
    Paragraph 4: Personally, I prefer to move because I am still young and I want to see the world. Although I may lose some old friends and have to establish new social connections, I believe that I can start a new life with ease since I am an adaptable person.
    Is it better to enjoy your money when you earn it or is it better to save your money for some time in the future? 
    enjoy my money:
    money can always be made later
    If you enjoy your money, you will be motivated to make more. 
    Money will depreciate if you do not use it right away
    If everybody spends his money, we will all find it easy to make money.
    save my money:
    more security in life
    the future is unpredictable. It is necessary to prepare for emergencies in the future
    Some projects take more money than you can afford in one month or one year. stare a small business, study abroad
    better use of the money
    better plan for your time
    When you have money in the bank, you can better plan your time. You never have to do something that you hate in order to survive.
    You have received a gift of money. The money is enough to buy either a piece of jewelry you like or tickets to a concert you want to attend. Which would you buy? 
    Everyone wishes to receive a gift of money. If the money is enough to buy either a piece of jewelry or tickets to a concert, it will be difficult for everyone to decide which to buy. Both jewelry and concerts have their own values.
    （准备选择的）Compared with concerts, a piece of jewelry has many advantages: First of all, it is permanent. Secondly, its value can be preserved. Thirdly, it can remind you of the person who sent you the gift. 
    Concerts also have many advantages. Firstly, concerts can help build up our sense of beauty and appreciation of art. Next, concerts can stimulate our inspiration. 
    Personally, I prefer jewelry. I like real things, things that can be touched and felt. Of course, concerts are also attractive to me. However, when there is a choice, I still prefer jewelry. 
    Businesses should hire employees for their entire lives. Do you agree or disagree?
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Attending a live performance (for example, a play, concert, or sporting event) is more enjoyable than watching the same event on television.
    diagree:
    First of all, attending a live performance is not very convenient for most of us.
    Secondly, attending a live performance is not very economic.
    Thirdly, attending a live performance is not very safe.
    agree:
    First of all, by attending a live performance you can share your excitement with others.
    Secondly, by attending a live performance you have a sense of participation.
    Thirdly, by attending a live performance you 
    Choose one of the following transportation vehicles and explain why you think it has changed people's lives. (1) automobiles (2) bicycles (3) airplanes
    bicycles: 
    Bicycles have become a convenient means of transportation for most people to cover shorter distance. For example, university students use bicycles to and from school.
    Bicycles can also help people to carry things. For example, postmen use them to deliver mail. Restaurants such as Pizza Hut use them to deliver pizza.
    Nowadays, with the popularity of automobiles, the applications of bicycles have diminished. But then bicycles have become an important utility for exercises
    Do you agree or disagree that progress is always good?
    disagree:
    The progress in weapons such as the invention of machine guns has caused more people to die in wars. 
    The progress in physics such as the invention of nuclear power has brought the nuclear weapons, which construct a threat to the existence of the human race. Examples: atom bombs on Hiroshima
    The progress in chemistry and biology has brought the invention of such chemical weapons as anthrax, which becomes a mass killing weapon of terrorists. 
    The progress in biological engineering has brought such inventions as the cloning technique, whose effect on the human race is still dubious. 
    Of course, most progresses have eventually brought benefits to the human beings. But they are only good when they are used properly. Thus, it is inaccurate to say that progress is always good.
    Learning about the past has no value for those of us living at present. Do you agree or disagree? 
    disagree:
    Learning about the past will help us to know what we are at present
    Learning about the past will help us to predict the future.
    Learning about the past will help us to accumulate the experience of our forerunners, hence becoming more intelligent.
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? With the help of technology, students nowadays can learn more information and learn it more quickly. 
    Technology is developing so fast that it plays an important role in modern life. Some people say that with the help of technology, students nowadays can learn more information and learn it more quickly. Basically, I agree with this statement. There are several examples for my position.
    For instance, internet is the most important tool for learning information. Computer-aided instruction is another means to help students to learn more quickly. distance education. electronic dictionary. translation software. television. CD rom. satellite communication. telephone. Personal Digital Assistant. 
    Of course, traditional learning methods such as face-to-face instruction are still very important. And they should not be replaced by modern technology all together. However, with the development of technology, our learning methods are becoming more and more varied and efficient. We should never resist the use of modern technology as long as it is helpful to our learning. 
    www.yuanda.org
    英语论坛
    托福辅导
    The expression "never, never give up" means to keep trying and never stop working for your goals. Do you agree or disagree with this statement? 
    If you want to succeed, you must set goals in your life. Some people say that one should never stop working for his goals. I do not quite agree with this opinion/ (Basically, I agree with this opinion.) There are several reasons for my position.
    First of all, failure is the mother of success. Keep trying will probably bring us success one day. If we stop working for our goals whenever we meet with obstacles, we will get nowhere.
    Secondly, no pains, no gains. You should never expect a pie falling from the sky on you one day. 
    Last but not least, persistence is a quality of a successful person.
    Of course, the goals we set must be realistic. Otherwise, we will spend all our time and energy without getting anywhere. However, the experiences of many people have proved that keep trying is the best way to success. Thus, we should never, never give up.
    Some people think that human needs for farmland, housing, and industry are more important than saving land for endangered animals. Do you agree or disagree with this point of view? Why or why not?
    导入语：Land is getting rarer and rarer. Some people say that human needs for farmland, housing, and industry are more important than saving land for endangered animals. I do not quite agree with this opinion. There are several reasons for my position. 
    主体：
    First of all, animals are our best friends. 举例（实例/假设）/详细解释
    Secondly, animals give the variety to our world. 
    Last but not least, animals provide us help in many ways. 
    结论：
    Of course, human beings are the most important beings on the earth. And our needs for farmland, housing, and industry must be taken into consideration when we plan our limited land. However, we must keep a balance of what we need and what the earth can supply. In no way should we meet our needs at the cost of the endangered animals.
    What is a very important skill a person should learn in order to be successful in the world today? Choose one skill and use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.
    Why do you think some people are attracted to dangerous sports or other dangerous activities? 
    There must be an inner impulse in these people to challenge the limit of their potential.
    Just because they are dangerous, the excitement of these activities must be immeasurably great.
    There is usually a decent reward for participating these activities. 
    The fame these activities bring to the successful participant could be another important reason.
    Some people like to travel with a companion. Other people prefer to travel alone. Which do you prefer?
    As transportation has become more sophisticated, more and more people are traveling nowadays. Some people prefer to travel alone, while others choose to go with friends. Personally I prefer to travel with friends. There are numerous reasons for my choice, and here are some major ones. 
    For one thing, I hate the boredom and loneliness of traveling alone. Although you have more flexibility, you cannot fully enjoy the delight of the journey. You cannot talk with a partner. All you can do is reading and you often fall asleep over your books. However if you have friends with you, you can talk with them and share your joy with them. They can also provide emotional support to you when you are in a strange land.
    In addition, by traveling with friends you can always get help from your friends when you meet with trouble on your way. For instance, during the long journey, you may feel sick and suffer from such things as fatigue, headache, or stomachache. When that happens, your friends will take care of you and buy you medicines or food. So you will not be helpless. And then you will see how lucky you are to go with friends.
    Finally, it is more economical to travel with others. In my country, the more the travelers, the less the average cost. For instance, you have to pay 150 yuan per day for a single room of a three-star hotel. However, if you share a double room with a friend, you each pay only 100 yuan, thus saving 50 yuan for each of you.
    Therefore, it is easy to draw the conclusion that traveling with friends is better than going alone. Of course, by traveling with friends, you may loose some freedom. But freedom is not the main purpose of traveling. I always believe that the main purpose of traveling is looking for fun. And traveling with friends can make your journey fun and enjoyable, and can really give you the feeling of "dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh, laughing all the way." (347 words)
    Travel alone:
    more freedom
    you can always change your mind without minding the opinions of others
    go wherever you like.
    You never have to go other people's way.
    You can share the fun of the trip a Travel with a companion
    You can always get help from your companion.
    nd that would make the trip more enjoyable.
    You always have someone to talk to on the road
    You can have someone to share the expenses with you.
    Some people prefer to get up early in the morning and start the day's work. Others prefer to get up later in the day and work until late at night. Which do you prefer?
    start the day's work early
    work synchronously with other people. easier to make use of the social sources
    start the day's work late
    no interruptions, larger block of time
    What are the important qualities of a good son or daughter? Have these qualities changed or remained the same over time in your culture? 
    1. A good son or daughter should stay with his or her parents if possible.
    2. A good son or daughter should provide for his or her parents.
    3. A good son or daughter should communicate with his or her parents.
    4. A good son or daughter should take care of his or her parents when they are sick.
    Some people prefer to work for a large company. Others prefer to work for a small company. Which would you prefer? 
    A large company:
    more security
    more specialized work
    A small company
    more opportunities
    more challenge
    People work because they need money to live. What are some other reasons that people work? Discuss one or more of these reasons. 
    Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Face-to-face communication is better than other types of communication, such as letters, email, or telephone calls.
    Communication is a very important part of our life. Some people say that face-to-face communication is better than other types of communication, such as letters, email, or telephone calls. Basically, I agree with this opinion. There are …
    First of all, exchange emotions on top of information. 
    Secondly, it is more interactive. Body language and expressions can be used in communication.
    Last but not least, it is more efficient in solving problems in most cases, since you can get feedback instantly. 