求职英语900句3

About the Job of a Receptionist
关于接待员职务
761．I came about your advertisement for receptionists in the newspaper last week．
我是来应聘你们在上周的报纸上招聘的接待员一职的。
762．Have you worked anywhere else？
我在别处工作过吗？
763．Yes，I've been working in the Beauty Restaurant as a full-time waiter after leaving the occupational school．
有，我从职业学校毕业后一直在美丽饭店当服务员。
764．Here is my resume．
这是我的简历。
765．May I ask why you are interested in working at our hotel？
能否问一下，你为何对我们宾馆感兴趣？
766．Because I think I'm fit for a receptionist's job．I'm still learning spoken English，you know．There will be a lot of foreigners to come to your hotel，won't there？
我认为我很适合做接待员，你要知道，我正在学习英语口语，肯定会有很多外国人来你们宾馆的，不是吗？
767．Certainly．
当然会有。
768．When did you study English？
你何时学的英语？
769．When I was a student，English happened to be my favorite subject．After graduation，I went on studying spoken English in my spare time．
我上学时，英语是我最喜欢的课程，毕业后，我在业余时间继续学习英语口语。
770．Do you think if there is still any room for improvement in your spoken English？
你是否以为你的英语口语还有提高的余地呢？
771．Sure，I do think so．
确实，我认为是的。
772．Do you think you have a good command of hotel English？
你精通饭店英语吗？
773．Yes，I think so．
我想我是的。
774．Where do you work now？
你现在何处工作？
775．I work at Beijing Hotel．
我在北京饭店工作。
776．Can you tell me why you want to leave the present post？
你能告诉我你为什么要放弃目前的岗位吗？
777．For one thing，I'm desirous of working with a large hotel like yours．I know your hotel is a five－star－grade hotel with a good reputation both at home and abroad．For another thing，my present post does not involve me much in speaking English．I think I will have more opportunities to use English at your hotel．
其一，我想在像你们这样的大宾馆工作。我知道你们宾馆是一家五星级宾馆，在国内外享有盛名。其二，我目前的岗位让我说英语的机会不多，我想在贵宾馆我会有更多机会使用英语。
778．Do you want to work here because you can speak English？
你是因为能说英语才来我们宾馆的吗？
779．No，not just because I can speak English．What I really want is the chance to learn some advanced methods of management from foreign staff members．
不，不只是因为会英语，我真正希望的是要从外国职员那里学到一些先进的管理方法。

About the Job of a Front Office Manager
关于前台经理职务
780．Why are you leaving your present job？
你为何要离开现职呢？
781．I'm desirous to leave my present employment so that I can improve my position and have more responsibilities．
我希望离开现职就是为了提高我的职位和获得更多的责任。
782．I'd like you to tell me some of what you've been doing recently．
我想请你告诉我你最近一直在做什么？
783．Every day I go to work on time to guarantee the proper operation of the front desk．
我每天按时上班，以保证前台工作的顺利进行。
784．We accept booking，tell about room rates，find out how the bill will be paid and help the guests to check in and check out．When some guests want to have cancellations，change rooms or extend a reservation，we should always offer our help with courtesy．
我们接受订房、解释房价、看顾客以什么方式结算，帮助顾客入住及结账。如果有顾客要求取消预订、换房间或延长住宿时间，我们总是给予周到服务。
785．In what way do most clients check out？
多数顾客以什么方式结账？
786．Most clients check out by credit card，traveller's cheques or Master card．Our hotel doesn't accept personal cheques．
多数顾客用信用卡、旅行支票或万事达卡结账。我们不接受个人支票。
787．How do you deal with a reservation mix-up？
你们如何处理订房出现的差错？
788．If we are booked solid，I would first of all apologize to the clients for this mistake．Then I'll ask them to rest on the chairs while I contact another hotel for them．
如果所有房间都已订完，我先向顾客道歉，然后请他们坐下休息，我为他们另外联系一个宾馆。
789．What would you do if the guest's total bill exceeds the credit limit？
如果顾客的账单超过信用卡限额怎么办？
790．I would ask if the guest is willing to pay the difference by cash．If not，I'll try to get permission from the office which set the limit to extend credit over that amount．
我先征求顾客意见，看他是否愿意用现金支付差价。如果不愿意的话，我就和发卡机关联系，看能不能扩大限额度。
791．Why are you interested in working with our hotel？
你为何对到我们宾馆工作感兴趣？
792．My past work experience is closely related to this job．I am confident of doing the job well．Therefore I am desirous to get this post．
我过去的经验同这份工作密切相关，我有信心把它做好。因此我很想得到这一职位。
793．Don't you like the work？
你不喜欢那份工作吗？
794．I liked the work． However， the hotel is too small for me to widen my experience．
我喜欢那份工作，但那家宾馆太小了，难以增长我的工作经验。
795．There are not many foreign guests in the hotel．As an English major，I'd like to take a more challenging job．That's the reason why I want to come here for a job．
我们那家宾馆没有多少外国客人，作为一名英语专业的学生，我想做一些更具挑战性的工作。这就是我为什么要来此应聘的原因。
796．How long have you been working there？
你在那儿干多长时间了？
797．I've been working there since 1996．
我从1996年起就在那家宾馆工作。
About the Job of a Tourist Guide关于导游职务
798． Why do you want to be a tour guide？
你为何想当导游呢？
799．I want to be a tour guide because I like to travel and I also like meeting various kinds of people．
我想当导游是因为我喜欢旅游，也喜欢和各式各样的人接触。
800．I think guiding Chinese tourists abroad would be very interesting．
我以为给到国外旅游的中国人当导游肯定很有意思。
801．What courses have you completed at college？
你大学时学的什么课程？
802． In adition to English，I have studied economics of tourism，tourist marketing， tourist psycology， tourist cultures，tourist etiquette science， guiding methods and techniques，vocational ethics of tourism， law of tourism， and so on．
除了英语外，我们学了旅游经济学、旅游市场学、旅游心理学、旅游文化学、旅游礼仪学、导游方法技巧、旅游职业道德与旅游法律等等。
803． Have you learned any other foreign languages other than English？
除了英语，你还学过其他外语吗？
804．Yes， I have learned a little French．
有，我们还学了一点法语。
805．Were you taught by any foreign teachers？
有外教教过你们吗？
806． Yes． Foreign teachers from the United States， Canada，England taught us English at college．
有，上大学不时有来自美国、加拿大、英国的外籍老师给我们上英语课。
807．What are the responsibilities of a tourist guide？
导游的工作职责是什么？
808．A tourist guide must be responsible for arranging and coordinating tour activities， and offering service of transportation， accommodations， sightseeing， shopping and entertainment．
导游员必须安排和协调导游活动，以及为旅游者提供交通、住宿、观光、购物和娱乐等等服务。

About the Job of Head of Claim Department
关于索赔部门主管职务
809．Did you work in a similar position before？
你以前做过同样的工作吗？
810． Yes．I have been with ABC Insurance Company for four years，and before that，I worked with the Pacific surveyor company as claim officer．
我在ABC保险公司干了四年，此前在太平洋验货公司做负责索赔的工作。
811．Could you tell me the usual procedures to handle such case？
你能告诉我处理这类案件的一般程序吗？
812．Yes，on the shipper's side，when the cargos arrived， all relevant documents will be forwarded to the consignee．Among other things， this party has to check carefully content of the packing list and weight list． When cargos is found to be damaged of shortlanded, this party has to call for a joint survey by representatives of the shipping company and the insurance agent．Based on the survey report，they will lodge a claim for compensation．
好的，在发货人方面，当货物到达时，所有的文件必须送交给买货人。其中，当事人必须仔细查阅装箱单及重量单之内容，一旦发现货物损坏或缺少，当事人必须召集船务公司及保险公司双方之代表共同查验，根据查验报告，即可提出赔偿要求。
813．If you act as our representative what would you do to safeguard our interest？
假设你身为我方代表，你将怎样做以维护我方利益？
814．I think，first of all，I will ask the consignee to produce survey report on loading，if they can't produce that I suggest them to refer the case to their shipper． Meanwhile，bad weather could be a good excuse to refuse the responsibility．
我想，首先会要求取货人出示装运时的查验报告，假如他们不能出示，我建议他们去与寄货人交涉。此外，不良气候也是可以推卸责任的最佳理由。
815． Are you able to operate the telex？
你能操作电传机吗？
816．Yes，I used to dispatch telex to shipper and the consignee to inform them change of our schedule and other information．
是的，我经常向寄货人和取货人发出电传，通知他们船期的更改及其他消息。
817． Now tell me if you have a good command of both written and spoken English．
请告诉我你的英语口语和书面语是否都很好。
818． When I was at college，I passed Band Six of College English Test．All the foreign business men I've dealt with say my English is quite good．
我上大学时就通过了大学英语六级考试，所有和我打过交道的外商都说我英语很好。
819． If you are selected in this position， you must prepare to travel overseas frequently．
假如你被录取，你必须准备经常出国旅行。
820．No problem，I love it．Thank you for granting me the interview．
没问题，我喜欢出差旅行。谢谢您给我这次面试机会。

About the Job of a Senior Production Planner关于高级生产管理人员职务
821． Excuse me， is this personnel division？
劳驾，请问这是人事部吗？
822． I came about your advertisement for a senior production planner．
我是来应聘你们广告的招聘高级生产管理人员的。
823． Is there any still available now？
还有空缺职位吗？
824．Here is my resume．
这是我的简历。
825．What degree do you have now？
你获得了什么学位？
826．I have the degree of the Master of Applied Mathematics．
我获得了应用数学硕士学位。
827．Why are you interested in the position？
你为什么对这一职位感兴趣？
828． Because I read your advertisement in the newspaper last week． It says that you need a senior production planner，who is fluent in English and good at mathematics． I think I'm fit for the position．
因为我读了你们在上周报纸上的招聘广告，上面说要招一名高级生产企划人员，英语流利并擅长数学。我认为我适合这一职位。
829．For the past six years，I've been dealing with foreigners in English so my ability to write and speak English is out of question， and what's more， I'm sure my major would be of great use for the position．
过去的六年中，我一直用英语与外国人打交道，所以我英语口语和书面语的应用能力是不成问题的。此外，我肯定我的所学专业对这一工作一定会很有用处。
830．I'm quite happy in my present work， indeed．But it's known to all yours is a great company of high prestige．I hope I would have more responsibility and improve my position．
我目前的工作还是让我很开心的，真的。但人人都知道贵公司是声名远扬的大公司。我希望能承担更多的责任，找到更好的工作。
831．Excuse me for interrupting， but could you tell me what types of people you like to work with？
请原谅我打断一下，能不能告诉我你喜欢与哪一类人一起工作？
832．To tell you the truth， I can cooperate with various people．People say I'm a good-natured person． But， of course，I especially enjoy working with people who are responsible，friendly and helpful．
说真话，我能和各种各样的人合作。人们说我是个性子很好的人，但是，当然，我特别喜欢与有责任感、待人友好、乐于助人的人一起工作。
833． What section would you like to work in if you enter this company？
你如果进入本公司，你希望在哪个部门工作？
834．I wish to work in the planning department．
我希望在计划部工作。
835．What type of work will you expect to do at first？
你希望起初干什么工作？
836．I want to design the corporate identity．
我想设计企业形象。

About the Job of a Nurse
关于护士职务
837．I'm here for an interview as requested．
我是应约前来面试的。
838．Have you brought your credentials？
你带来有关证件了吗？
839．This is my certificate of nurse qualifications．
这是我的护士资格证书。
840．Now tell me something abut your professional education．
现在请你谈谈你所接受的专业教育的情况。
841． All right． That nurse school offered such professional course as nursing science， nursing psychology， nursing ethics， internal medicine and its nursing， surgery and its nursing， pediatrics and it nursing， traditional Chinese medicine， acupuncture and moxibustion， etc．
好吧，那所护士学校开设了以下专业课程：护理学、护理心理学、护理伦理学、内科及其护理、外科及其护理、儿科及其护理、中医、针灸等等。
842．We also studied some basic courses， such as maths，physics， chemistry， etc．
我们还学了其他的基础课程，如数学、物理、化学等。
843．Did you learn English at the nurse school？
你在护士学校学过英语吗？
844．Oh， yes．
是的，学过。
845．And I went on studying English at Chuntian Evening School of Foreign Languages for two years after my graduation from the nurse school．
我从护士学校毕业后，又继续在春田外语学校学了两年外语。
846． What section do you work in the hospital？
你在医院哪个科室工作。
847．I work in Internal Medicine Division．
我在内科工作。
848．What are you responsible for？
你负责什么工作？
849．I am responsible for clinical nursing of patients in Internal Medicine Division．My responsiblities include taking histories， keeping charts， giving injections， administering medication，testing temperature and blood-pressure，preparing patients for treatments， changing sheets and quilts，etc．
我在内科负责病人的临床护理。工作职责包括记载病历、保管给病人拍的片子、打针、给病人服药、测量体温与血压，为病人做好治疗前准备、换被褥等等。

About the Job of a Medical Representative关于医药代表职务
850．Can you tell me why you would like to work as a medical representative with us？
能否请你告诉我你为什么要到我们这儿来当医药代表？
851． I like this kind of work， and your company is one of the most famous pharmaceutical corporations in the world．
我喜欢这项工作。而且，贵公司是世界上最著名的医药公司之一。
852． Having worked as a paediatrician in the OPD for two years，I want to apply for this position for a change．
在门诊部当了两年儿科医生，我想换个工作。
853．Well， I enjoy working in different places and meeting new people． That will widen my experience in the work．
嗯，我喜欢在不同的地方工作，与不同的人打交道，这会扩增我的工作经验。
854． What kind of antipyretic do you usually prescribe to children who have got high fever？
你们一般给发高烧的孩子开什么药？
855．Asprin， Anti－Phen Syrup， Snalets-FR as well as some mixture fixed by our own hospital．
阿斯匹林、安佳热、斯耐普以及我们医院自己配制的合剂。
856．What kind of antibiotics do you usually prescribe to children？
你们一般给孩子开什么抗菌素？
857．We usually use Amoxicillin Syrup and Amoxicillin Oral Sus－pension BP． They have less side－effect than Tabellae Ery－thromycini Ethylsuccinatis．
我们一般用再林和阿莫西林。它们的副作用比利君沙要小。
858．What could you do for our company if I hire you？
如果我们雇用你，对我们公司有什么益处？
859．Having worked in the Children's Hospital for two years． I know thoroughly the pharmacology and dosage of various kinds of medicine． I am also familiar with the organizations of hospitals in our country．Could I get the position，it would not be very difficult for me to put forward a plan to promote selling of your medicine．
我在儿童医院工作了两年之后，对各种药品的药理、剂量有了全面的了解。我对我们国家的医疗机构也很熟悉。如果我被雇用，提出对贵公司的药品的促销方案对我而言是不难的。
860．Do you mind going on business trip？
你是否介意出差？
861．Definitely not．I enjoy travelling．
当然不会，我很喜欢出差。

Sentences Frequently Used for Application Letters
求职信常用语句
Beginnings for Application Letters
应征信的起首用语
862．In reply to your advertisement in today's（newspaper） for an accountant， I tender my services．
拜读今日××报上贵公司招聘会计广告，本人特此应征。
863． I would like to apply for the post of Assistant Accountant as advertised in today's（newspaper）．
拜读今日××报，本人欲应聘助理会计一职。
864．In reply to your advertisement in China Daily of May 18 for a clerk， I offer myself for the post．
欣读5月18日《中国日报》上贵公司招聘职员广告，敝人愿应征此职。
865．With reference to your advertisement in today's Jiefang Daily for an accountant， I tender my services．
从今日《解放日报》广告栏得知贵公司招聘会计，本人特致函应聘。
866．On looking over yesterday's Xinmin Evening Paper，my attention was attracted by your advertisement for two department managers， I should like to apply for the position．
拜读贵公司在昨天的《新民晚报》上所刊登的招聘广告，得悉贵公司在招聘两位部门经理，特此备函应征。
867．Please consider me an applicant for the position which you advertised in People's Daily of August 8．
8月8日贵公司在《人民日报》上刊登广告，招聘人才，我欲应聘，请予考虑。
868．Having noticed the enclosed advertisement in this morning's （newspaper），I wish to apply for the position advertised．
谨随函附上贵公司在今天的××报刊登的招聘广告，本人愿申请这一职位。
869．I have learned that your company is looking for a computer operator and would like to apply for the post．Enclosed is a resume which sets out full details of my qualifications， interests and work experience．
据悉贵公司正在招聘电脑操作员，本人欲申请该职位，谨随函附上详述本人学历、兴趣及经验的履历表一份。
870． I am writing in reply to you request through the University Appointment Service for a Trainee Engineer，and would like to apply for the position．
本人于大学就业辅导处得悉贵公司欲招聘见习工程师，故特此备函应征。
871． Your advertisement in this week's（magazine） for a sales representative caught my attention． My working experience matches your requirements closely．
本人对贵公司于本期××周刊内刊登之招聘广告甚感兴趣，自信能符合所述条件，故特备函应征。
872． I wish to apply for the post of clerk in your company which is advertised in today's（newspaper）．
欣读今日××报，得悉贵公司招聘职员，本人特此应征此职。
873．Your advertisement for a telephone operator in the（news-paper） of March 8 has interested me．I feel I can fill that position．
贵公司3月8日在××报上刊登广告，招聘一名接线员，本人阅后极感兴趣。我相信能胜任此职。
874．Having heard that the situation of a cashier in your office is vacant．I wish to offer my service for it．
据闻贵公司出纳员一职空缺，特备函应征。
875．I have heard that perhaps you might need an accountant with considerable experience working with companies such as yours．
据悉贵公司有意招聘一名有丰富相关经验的会计。
876．I would like to ask you to consider my qualification for the position in sales that you advertised in last week's newspaper．
贵公司上周在××报刊登广告，招聘推销员一职，我拟应聘，敬请给予考虑。
877．I believe my experience and qualifications suit the position you advertised in last month's（newspaper）and hope that you will．consider my application．
本人学历与工作经验与贵公司上月于××报上刊登之职位空缺相符，故特备函应征。
878．Having noticed the enclosed advertisement in this morning's （newspaper），I wish to apply for the position referred to．I feel that my business experience has been sufficiently broad to adapt me to any work requiring managerial ability．
看到今天早上××报刊登的招聘广告（随信附寄），我极愿申请这一职位。我觉得个人工作经验丰富，足以胜任经理的工作。
879．Your advertisement for a Senior Production Planner in the March 13 Beijing Youth Daily interested me because your requirements closely parallel my working experience．
3月13日《北京青年报》上刊登贵公司招聘高级生产设计员一职的广告，本人极感兴趣，因所列条件为本人工作经验相符合。
Beginnings for Unsolicited Letters
自荐信的开端
880．I am writing to inquire whether you will have any openings for a secretary in the near future．
本人欲探询贵公司在短期内会不会有秘书职位空缺。
881．This is a letter of inquiry．I am conscious to know whether there are any openings in your company at the time．
此信乃探询贵公司现时是否有任何空缺。
882．Shall you need an experienced desk clerk for your hotel next summer？
不知贵旅馆明年夏季是否需要一名有经验的前台服务员。
883．Perhaps there is a position in your organization for an young，experienced， and conscientious secretary-stenographer．
请问贵公司是否需要一名年轻、有经验、负责的秘书兼速记员。
884． Like many other young man，I am looking for a job．I want to get started，at the bottom，perhaps，but started．
本人和很多年轻人一样正在寻找工作，本人想要有个开头，从基层做起。
885．I am writing to inquire whether you will have any vacancies for a senior clerk in the near future．I have heard that you hire senior clerk from time to time and I hope you will consider my application．
本人写信的目的是为了探询贵公司在近期是否有高级职员的空缺。听说贵公司时常招聘高级职员。希望贵公司能考虑我的申请。
886．I take the liberty to write you in the hope that you might need someone to fill in for you．
向阁下写信，希望填补贵公司可能的空缺，至感冒昧。
887．I take the liberty of writing you to apply for a position in your corporation．
不揣冒昧，特致函向阁下毛遂自荐，敬请原谅。
888．Because I am very desirous of receiving actual experience in accounting during July and August，I am writing to inquire whether you will need the services of a young man with three years of educational training and some part-time experience． Perhaps I could fill in for one of your office staff during the vacation period．
因为我很想在七八月间获得会计实际工作经验，特函问询贵处是否需雇用受过三年训练略有业余经验的年轻人？在假期我或可添补贵公司的空缺。
889．Someday in the future you may have need for a new interpreter． I should like to offer myself for the job．
将来说不定您会需要一位新的译员。我特此毛遂自荐。
890．Having heard that the situation of a marketing specialist in your office is vacant，I wish to offer my services for it．
据闻贵公司市场顾问一职有空缺，特此备函应征。
891．As it is nearing the Christmas season，it occurs to me that you may need additional assistance in selling gifts in your shop．I have a whole week before Christmas，from 18―24， when I might assist you．I could also work evenings from six o’clock on， before December 18．
圣诞将至，我想贵公司可能需要帮助出售礼物的临时店员。我在圣诞前一周（10月18日至24日）有空，可以帮忙。18日以前每晚6时以后也可以。
892．I am seeking a position in research and analysis of statistical and quantitative data． In order to get started in this career，I'm willing to accept any position where I can demonstrate my competence and move upward according to my abilities．
我正欲找寻统计和数字资料分析研究人员的职位。为了开始这一职业，我愿接受任何能发挥个人水平且能根据能力而提拔的工作。
893． Professor Zhou suggested that I should write to you in regard to my interests in architectural drafting．He thought your company might be in need of someone in my field．
周教授建议我根据我个人的志向给贵公司致函申请制图员工作，周教授认为贵公司可能需要我这一专业的职员。
Introducing Oneself：Age and Experience自我介绍：年龄与经验
894． Since my graduation from school two years ago， I have been employed in ABC company as a junior secretary．
毕业至今两年来，本人一直在ABC公司任初级秘书。
895．I have been in an exporting company for five years．
我已在一家出口公司干了5年。
896．I am just leaving school，and eighteen years of age．
本人18岁，不久即可毕业。
897．I graduated from Shanghai College of Foreign Trade in 1995．I majored in International Trade．
我毕业于上海外贸学院，主修国际贸易。
898． I am 28 years old， and have 7 years’ experience with a supermarket as a salesman．
本人28岁，有7年超级市场售货员经历。
899． I have had five years’ experience in the office of the Green Limited Company， where I have been and still am a book－keeper．
我有在格林有限公司五年办公工作经历，一直至今任簿记员。
900．I am 26 years of age，since my graduation from the school three years ago， I have been employed in the Weihai Guest House as a waitress．
本人年龄26岁，三年前毕业至今，本人一直在威海宾馆任服务员之职。
901．I have been employed for the past four years by the Lanling Company as a secretary．I'm 26．
在过去的四年中，我一直受雇于兰陵公司任秘书。今年26岁。
902．I'm just leaving college，and twenty three years of age． At school，I won a scholarship and first prize in type writing，at the rate of 62 words per minute．
本人即将毕业，现年23岁。在校时获奖学金，并以每分钟62字之速度获打字比赛一等奖。
903．I am at present an apprentice in Linda Limited Company，in the general clerical work of the office．
本人目前于琳达有限公司实习，承办一般性事务工作。
904．I have been in the business for the last ten years，and worked as the superintendent in the personnel department．
本人过去10年在商界担任人事部主任至今。
905．As you can see from my enclosed resume， I have extensive experience in accounting．
正如本人所附之履历所示，我有相当丰富的会计经验。
906．I am 26 years of age， and have had two years’ experience in my present job，which I am leaving to better myself．
本人今年26岁，已在目前职位任职两年，兹为了更好的职位，准备离开此职。
907．I am nineteen years of age， female and have had two years experience in a company's delivery office．
我今年19岁，女性，曾在一家公司做收发工作两年。
908．I am able to take dictation in English，and have been engaged as a correspondence secretary for 3 years．
本人能用英文速记，三年以来一直担任书信秘书之职。
909．I have received a good education，and have recently completed the business courses at Guangzhou College of Commerce．
本人接受过良好教育，新近已修完广州商学院之商业课程。
910．I have spent the past seven years as assistant manager of ABC company where I have handled a variety of challenging tasks．
过去7年，本人一直是ABC公司副经理，并曾处理了不少富有挑战性之工作。
Personal Ability
叙述个人能力
911．I am a good accountant and have a thorough knowledge of the English language．
本人是一名优秀的会计，并精通英语。
912．I am proficient in typewriting and shorthand and have attained a speed of eighty and sixty words per minute respectively．
本人精通打字和速记，速度分别为每分钟80字和60字。
913．I am well acquainted with office works and could handle business correspondence independently．
本人熟悉办公室工作并能独立处理对外商务文书。
914．I am able to take dictation in English and transcribe them rapidly into Chinese．
本人会英文记录，并能立即将其改写为中文。
915．For all the time I was in their employ，I had the sole charge of their correspondence．
在该公司服务时，本人负责全部对外通信。
916．I have a good knowledge of bookkeeping by double-entry．
本人对联单记账十分熟练。
917．I will graduate from ABC College．My outstanding record at school and experience in business has prepared me for the task ahead．
我将从ABC学院毕业，以我优异的成绩及商业经验，相信能胜任贵公司的职位空缺。
918．As the executive secretary to the general manager，I have had extensive training in secretarial skills．
当我担任总经理行政秘书时，我获取了极全面的秘书训练。
919．I am a graduate of Beijing University，and have in addition the M．A．degree from UCLA．
本人毕业于北京大学，并在加州大学获硕士学位。
920．At school I won a scholarship and the first prize in speech contest．
求学时我曾获得奖学金及演讲比赛冠军。
921．For the past three years，I have been working as a computer programmer with ABC company．In addition to this，I have sound educational background in computer science．
过去的三年中，我一直是ABC公司的电脑程序员。此外，我亦有良好的电脑教育基础。
922．With my understanding of computer language and commitment to work，I could help to tailor new programs which meet the needs of clients．
凭我对电脑语言的认识及对工作的投入，我定能为客人编制最切合他们需要的电脑程序。
923．I have a fair know ledge of shorthand，and can write ninety words per minute．
本人熟悉速记，每分钟速度90字。
924．I have received a good education，and know English，Spanish and shorthand．
我曾接受良好的教育，熟悉英语、西班牙语及速记。
925．Since leaving school in June，I have attended a language class，with a view to increase my spoken and written English．I have also attended classes in typewriting and short－hand．
从6月份离开学校以后，我曾参加语言课程班，旨在提高自己的英文书写及听讲能力。此外，我亦曾修读打字及速记课程。
926．As a English major，I have developed strong language and writing skills which are necessary for a good editor．
作为一个主修英文的学生，我掌握了极强的语言技巧，这是作为一个编辑的必要条件。
927．I have just left school，but have a good knowledge of English．
本人虽刚离校门，但对英语非常精通。

About Reasons Leaving
说明离职原因
928．Unfortunately I have had to leave my position on account of the discoutinuance of the business．
由于公司停业，我不得不离开而另寻工作。
929．The only reason why I am leaving the present position is to gain more experience in a foreign trade company．
本人离开现职的惟一原因是打算到外贸公司获得更多的经验。
930．I'm leaving that company to be with my aged parents and care for them here．
因本人需要与年迈的父母一起生活并照料他们，故而离开了那家公司。
931．My reason for leaving my present employment is with the desire of improving my position．
我打算离开现职，意欲寻求更好职位。
932．I left the company just a week ago，because I disagree with the general manager．
由于与总经理意见不一，我于一周前离开那家公司。
933．I prefer working in private enterprises to public sector because the former is more energetic while the latter is rather stable．
我较喜欢在私营机构工作，因私营机构比较有活力，尽管公营事业比较稳定。
934．Unfortunately I have had to leave my position，as my employers have been forced to liquidate their business due to the worldwide economic adversity．
很不幸，由于这次世界性的经济危机，我的雇主不得不结束业务，我不得不离职。
935．I left them solely because they made a reduction in their establishment．
由于该公司裁减编制，我因此离职。
936．My reason for wishing to make a change at this time is that there seems no opportunity for advancement in my present position，and I feel that my ability and training，as well as my interest in my work，should lead to advancement and a higher salary．
目前打算离职的缘由是我似乎没有晋升的机会，以我的工作能力、所受训练，以及我对工作的热情，应该获得晋升和较高薪水。
937．I am leaving my present position because I can use my capabilities more fully in a position with wider scope．My present employer knows of my ambition and is helping me to find a new place．
我希望有机会充分展现自己工作能力，从事更大范围工作之需要，这是我急于离开现职的主要原因。本人现任职公司老板对我的工作雄心颇为赞许。因此，愿协助我另谋他职。
938．The reason why I wish to leave my present employer is that I hope to widen my experience and take a new turn in the development of my career．
我希望转职的原因是想有一个新的发展方向和扩展自己的接触层面。
939．The reason for leaving my present employment is that I see no chance for further advancement．
由于目前的工作缺乏发展的机会，故本人打算离开。
940．I left my work because I think my potential and ability could be better employed in a large，high-grade corporation like yours．
我离职的原因是认为自己的潜力在如贵公司一样具规模的机构中更能进一步发挥。
941．I am desirous of leaving the office in order to gain more experience in advertising business．
我希望转职的原因是打算在广告行业发展。
942．My desire at this time is to get into the publishing industry because I believe it has a bright future．
我目前的愿望是要加入出版行业，因为我相信这一行业的前景非常光明。
943．I left them a fortnight ago，owing to a disagreement with the president Mr. Liu．
由于本人和总裁刘先生意见不一，两星期前辞职了。
944．I enjoy my tenure at ABC company but I feel it is time to move on to a new challenge．
我十分喜欢在ABC公司的工作，但我认为现在应该是接受新的挑战的时候了。
945．I left my job two years ago because I wanted to further my study abroad．
我两年前离职的原因是想到国外深造。
946．I left the company due to the closing down of the company's business．
由于本人服务的公司结束经营，故本人需另寻工作。

About Enclosure
关于随函附件
947．I am enclosing my resume for your reference．
谨附上履历表一份，以作参考。
948．I enclose a resume and one of my publications．
随函寄上简历表及作品一份。
949．You will find enclosed a testimonial from the Head Professor of Beijing Commercial College who has kindly offered to provide you with any further details you may require．
随函附寄我在北京商学院的系主任的推荐函，从中可以了解你所需要的详细资料。
950．I am enclosing personal history，certificate of graduation and letter of recommendation from the president of the university．
兹随函附履历表、毕业证书及大学校长推荐函各一件。
951．As my resume indicates，I have experience in...
正如所附履历表内所述，我在……方面有丰富经验。
952．You can see from the data sheet that is enclosed that..
你可以从附上的资料表上看出……
953．I enclose my resume and a sample of my works．
附上履历表及一份作品。
954．I am enclosing my resume and a recent photo of myself．
随函附上履历表及近照一张。
955．Enclosed you will find a letter of recommendation from my former teacher of English．
随函附上我的英文老师的推荐函。
956．I enclose a card addressed to myself，in the hope you will use it to tell me when to come for an interview．
所附写好本人地址的名片，希望您在通知我面试时能用到。
957．A copy of my transcript is enclosed．
附寄本人成绩单一份。

About Salary
关于薪酬待遇
958．Regarding salary，I leave that to you but feel certain that I can earn at least RMB 4,000 yuan per month．
关于薪金，留待您来决定，本人相信每月能得到至少4,000元。
959．I am willing to serve on trial for some months at a small salary．
本人愿在开始的数月接受低微的薪金试用。
960．The salary at which I should desire to commence is from HK＄ 4,000 to 5,000．
本人心目中的起薪为4,000至5,000港币。
961．However，the matter of remuneration will take care of itself，as it always does，if other things are all right．
不过，如其他条件具备，待遇问题，自然会解决。
962．I require RMB 2,500 yuan per month as a start．
我要求的起薪为每月人民币2,500元。
963．I'm quite willing to start with a small salary．
本人愿接受低微薪水开始。
964．With regard to salary，I leave it to you．
待遇方面，还是留待阁下决定吧。
965．The salary required is 2,000 yuan per month，living in the house．
希望待遇月薪2,000元，另供应宿舍。
966．As much as I should like to join your organization，it would not be advisable for me to do so for less than 5,000 yuan，which is my present salary．
我希望参加贵公司工作，如月薪低于我目前薪水每月5,000元，对我来说似不适合。
967．As regards salary，I would be glad to start at HK＄ 3,000per month plus commission．Reference may be furnished if it is required．
至于月薪一事，希望能有3,000港币作为起薪，外加佣金。如需个人资料，可随时提供。
968．With respect to salary，I shall expect HK＄ 4,000 a month．
至于薪金一事，我希望月薪4,000港元。
Endings：Request for Interview
结语：请求面谈及客套语
969．I hope to have the pleasure of an interview．
恳请予以面谈机会。
970．I should welcome a personal interview at your convenience．
欢迎在方便时给予面谈的机会。
971．I shall appreciate a reply from you in regard to my application．
愿早日收到回信，本人将十分荣幸。
972．I trust you will consider this application favorably and I wish to assure you that I should make every effort to be worthy of the confidence you may place in me．
若贵公司对我求职应聘能予考虑，本人可提出保证，将尽力为贵公司效力，敬请信赖。
973．I shall be very glad if you can give me a personal interview at your convenience．
倘蒙阁下接见，将不胜感激。
974．I am well－trained and experienced in all the many duties and responsibilities of a good secretary；and I should like the opportunity of coming in and talking with you personally．May I？
我受过良好的训练，熟悉做为一名出色的秘书所应承担的责任与义务。我希望能有机会来和您面谈，不知可否？
975．I should be glad to have a personal interview and can furnish references if desired．
本人乐于有面谈机会，如需推荐人，随时可提供。
976．Your reply will be greatly appreciated．
如能回信，本人将不胜感激。
977．Please feel free to contact me if you wish more information．Thank you very much for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you．
如需详细了解情况，请尽管与我联系。谢谢你的关心并期待您的答复。
978．I would welcome an interview at any time convenient to you．If my application is successful，I assure that I would make every effort to be worthy of the confidence you may place in me．Thank you very much．
本人乐意随时接受面试。倘蒙录用，定当不负所望，尽力而为。谢谢。
979．Thank you very much for your consideration and I look forward to hearing from you soon．
谢谢您的考虑，祈候佳音。
980．I will be glad to have an interview at your earliest convenience．Thank you for your time and consideration．
若蒙接见，请速惠函通知，不胜感激。谢谢你的考虑。
981．I wish to assure you that，if successful，I would endeavor to give you every satisfaction．
如蒙不弃，本人将尽力服务，使诸事满意。
982．Thank you in advance for your consideration and courtesy．
承蒙阁下关怀和礼遇，至表感激。
983．May I come in for an interview at your convenience？
可否于您方便之时给予面谈？