托福习语5
910. strike sympathetic chords
触击同情之弦
Other early writers who followed Dickinson celebrated庆祝 the rich and various plant and animal life of the region, striking sympathetic chords in the imaginations of Ralph Waldo Emerson and the English poets.
911. stuck to
We scoured 擦洗these gadoda with harmless green dye染料. Since particles of the dyes stuck to (粘在...上) their tissues, the snails appeared in green outline in the photographs.
912. sum up
概括
We have summed up the most important single fact about the sun.
913. sweep around
As the rotating spiral pattern sweeps around the galaxy it compresses gas and dust, triggering the formation of bright young stars in its arms.
914. switch to
改为
 Some animals use the Sun as their guide during the day, and then switch to star navigation by night.
915. take a back seat to sb
The role of archaeologists was to find the foundations of historic buildings and then take a back seat to architects.
916. take a look
Would you like to take a look?
917. take account of
To take into consideration
Then, in 1950 the Census Bureau radically changed its definition of urban to take account of the new vagueness of city boundaries.
918. take advantage of
Nevertheless, many families could take advantage of previously unavailable fruits, vegetables, and dairy products to achieve more varied fare.
919. take advantage of
Watch out he doesn't try to take advantage of you.
920. take attendance
记考勤
Since it is optional, attendance will not be taken.
921. take credit for sth
One inventor that Thomas Edison can take credit for is the light bulb.
922. take great pride in
They took great pride in their ability to provide cures for the ailing members of their group.
923. take into account
纳入考虑
This fact must be taken into account by anyone who seeks to understand Congress.
924. take into consideration
consider
925. take inventory
In the 1800's store owners sold everything from a needle to a plow, trust everyone, and never took inventory.
926. take it easy
悠着点
W: What should I do about that?
M: Oh, just take it easy (休息) for a few days.
Don't work too hard. Take it easy.
927. take it out on sb
拿…出气
W: I'm in a terrible mood (情绪). My boss didn't like the report I wrote.
M: Well, don't take it out on me ().
928. take off
To rise in flight
After that things really took off. And the festival has gotten bigger and better every year.
Once you're up to around 140 decibels分贝, that's like a jet plane taking off, then you might even feel pain in your ears.
929. take off
To remove, as clothing
Do you mind if I take off my jacket?
930. take on
To undertake or begin to handle
When you take on one of these jobs, the sponsor will define your duties.
As a result of rising university costs, many students are finding it necessary to take on part time jobs.
931. take one's place
do the job of sb.
932. take one's time doing sth
慢慢做
Well, he's really taking his time getting here.
933. take one's words for sth
To be convinced of another's sincerity and act in accord with his or her statement
We had to take them at their word that the job would be done on time.
934. take over
gain control over and responsibility for
The dean just announced that Dr. Jeffry is going to take over as chairperson of the English department.
Like I said, he died in office in 1850, so his vice president took over (接任).
People have no idea how to take over these activities satisfactorily.
935. take place
happen
It is in the joints of the human body that movements of the bones take place.
举行
An auction拍卖 will take place on Saturday afternoon.
936. take sb around
I'll be taking you around to a few places you'll be visiting a lot.
937. take shape
成型
In the 1950's her mature成熟的 style started to evolve进化 and her assemblage style拼凑风格 took shape.
938. take sth to the shop
take to repair
M: Hi, I see you're walking. Where's your bicycle today?
W: Oh, I damaged a wheel (车轮) yesterday, so I had to take it to the shop.
939. take the liberty
擅自
940. take the matters up again
再次提起此事
But I'd like to take the matters up again at the end of the meeting .
941. take time off from
<美>抽出一部分时间
She doesn't know if she can take time off from work.
942. take to
To become fond of or attached to
Chimpanzees do not take readily to喜欢 any form of regimentation编组, and are frequently charming引诱.
943. take up
begin to spend time doing sth
Items stored by others took up most of the space.
944. take up
M: I'm taking up collections (募捐) for the jazz band. Would you like to give (捐款)?
945. takes up
占
It practically takes up the entire side of the room.
946. talk sb out of sth
persuade sb not to do sth
I was, but I spoke with Dean Johnson and she talked me out of it.
W: I don't think our classmates should confront (向...发难) Professor Simms with these issues.
M: I know, I'm going to try to talk them out of it.
947. talk some sense into sb
与……讲道理
M: I'm getting worried about Jennifer. All she talks about these days is her volleyball team and all she does is practice.
W: Her grades will fall for sure. Let's try to find her after dinner and talk some sense into her.
948. team up with
与…组合
We'll use a buddy伙伴 system throughout the ride, each new rider should team up with a more experienced rider.
949. tear away
To remove (oneself, for example) unwillingly or reluctantly.
Debbie certainly enjoys computer games.
Yes. She stays up all night. It's hard to tear her away.
M: Is Louis going to join us for a short break?
W: Yes, if she can tear herself away from her studies.
950. tear down
拆掉
In 1960, Carnegie Hall was scheduled to be torn down. It was in terrible shape状况.
The city is going to tear down those old houses and put up 建a new shopping center.
951. teem with
富于, 充满
Coral reefs are underwater landscapes that teem with an abundance of exotic sea life.
952. tell of
讲述
Many ancient legends tell of a great prehistoric flood that severely reduced the world's population.
She told of her exciting adventures in her book Adventures in Black and White.
953. tell you what
让我来告诉你
I'll tell you what. I'll play a little this evening and see how it goes.
954. tend to
Countries tend to specialize in the production and export of those goods and services that they can produce relatively cheaply.
955. tend to
Relationships tend to be impersonal, and a pronounced division of labor exists.
Satire tends to remind people that much of what they see, hear, and read in popular media is sanctimonious, sentimental, and only partially true.
tend to
956. testify to
证明
The fact that there are over 11 thousand wild burros living in the western states today testifies to their great adaptive ability.
Her plainspoken words testified to a universal human motivation动机.
957. thank to
owing to, because of
958. thaw out
To become warm enough for snow and ice to melt
First, let's see how we're doing for time看看时间方面的情况. Two groups are still ahead of us, aren't they? That means I've got about 20 minutes to thaw out.
959. the last person
Paul is about the last person I'd ask if I were you如果我是你，绝不去问他.
960. the last thing
最不愿做的
Would you like to come mountain climbing with us?
That's the last thing in the world I'd ever want to do.
961. the more the better
M: Shouldn't we invite more people to the dance?
W: The more the merrier越多越热闹.
962. the odds are against sb
Frankly, the odds (机率) are against him at this point.
963. the opposite of
What it actually does is often the opposite of what's forecast.
964. there goes sth
A 25-page paper in two weeks! There goes (完蛋了) my social life!
965. there goes sth
... 完蛋了
W: I have to type all this report by Monday morning.
M: There goes your sleep this weekend!
W: I just heard there're gonna be showers on and off (断断续续) all weekend.
M: There goes the picnic.
966. think of sb as sth
Log (木材) structures are no longer just the simple country homes that we think of as the traditional log cabin (木屋).
967. think over sth
考虑
Could you give me time to think it over?
968. think unfavorably about
969. throughout the year
全年
Now, most of these prehistoric people moved across the countryside throughout the year.
970. throw sb in jail
投入监狱
Now in England at the time, people could still be thrown in jail for publishing articles that were critical of the king.
971. throw sth away
Do I ever throw anything away?
972. tide sb over
Could I borrow a twenty to tide me over till payday next Thursday?
973. tie up
be off
Dick, please don't tie up the phone (煲电话粥). I need to make a call.
974. tie with
There is an art exhibition here on campus which ties (联系) well with discussions we've had about folk art.
975. time off
It didn't allow the workers time off.
976. time/ day off
W: What's Laura doing here today! I thought she was supposed to be out of the office on Mondays.
M: She decided she'd rather have Fridays off (休息) instead.
977. tinker with
摆弄
Only those who tinkered with  wireless telegraphs as a hobby (爱好) owned receivers at that time.
978. top-of-the-line
This used computer certainly is not top-of-the-line.
the best
979. to … degree
Moreover, the degree to which cones are naturally slightly open or tightly closed helps determine which bill design is the best.
980. to some degree
James Baldwin's plays and short stories are to some degree autobiographical.
981. to some extent
Most countries depend to some extent on cereal imports to augment their own crops.
982. to the exclusion of
so as to leave out
983. to the point of
Young animals, particularly, tumble, chase, run, wrestle, mock, imitate, and laugh (or so it seems) to the point of delighted exhaustion.
984. took over
占据主导地位
They really took over when it came to谈到 the issue of voting rights.
985. took up
She took up a problem that professional mathematicians had twice left for dead, and showed how much life was in it still.
986. top dogs
This suggests that these top dogs 大人物 of the ocean are prospering繁荣 and multiplying大量繁殖.
987. trace sth to
The rich and various cultural heritages of Pennsylvania can be traced to the influence of the many different ethnic groups who have settled there.
988. trace to
Historian have been able to calculate the dates of events from long ago by tracing references to eclipses that took place at the same time.
989. trade in for a new one
以旧换新
W: It's going to cost a fortune (一大笔钱) to get my car fixed.
M: Why don't you just trade it in for a new one?
990. trade sth in (for sth else)
give a used article to a seller as part of the payment for a new article
991. trade-in
We have a few trade-ins (以旧换新的东西) in the back that are in good condition.
992. transfer into
If you are first-year nursing students, please see me after class about transferring 转into introductory course.
993. transferring out of
转 出
I am thinking about transferring out of the state college into another school in the fall秋天.
994. tread on
These social scientists were treading on historical ground.
995. trick sb into doing sth
Did you know that vegetables can be tricked (唬弄) into growing in climate they are not accustomed to (习惯)?
996. try on sth
Someone from the audience will try on the helmet.
997. try out
Look, I'll be working three days a week next semester and it was either cut back on my classes or try this out (试出结果).
998. try out
Where did you get it? I wouldn't mind trying that place out (试试), too.
999. tune in
调到…频道\节目
Thank you for tuning in (调到我们的频道，收听我们的节目) today.
1000.turn around
We'd better stop talking. People are turning around and looking at us.
1001.turn down
调小
Look! I'm sorry to bother you about this, but could you turn that music down?
1002.turn in
Gary, did you turn in your locker key?
1003.turn in
交
I doubt that you will ever turn in (交) a term paper without first revising it carefully.
You should remember to turn in your room key before you leave.
1004.turn into
become
The drawback缺点 of institutionalization is that it can turn into a kind of organizational rigidity机构性僵化 that produces paralysis瘫痪.
1005.turn into
Copying someone else's work could turn into a legal problem.
1006.turn down
To reject or refuse
When he had a chance to work there, he turned it down.
1007.turn loose
释放
But when gold and silvermining died out, many of the gold prospectors（淘金者）turned their burros (小毛驴) loose.
1008.turn out
To end up; result
The answer to this problem turned out to be paper made from wood pulp (浆).
出席
They'll have to turn out in greater numbers.
1009.turn out to be
结果如此
M: This course wasn't supposed to be hard.
W: But it sure turned out to be, didn't it?
The subtractive method has turned out to be more practical and is the basis of all modern color films胶片.
1010.turn over
To transfer to another
The work was then turned over to studio assistants.
1011.turn things around
扭转局面
With the new laws and social awareness, we'll turn things around.
1012.turn up
appear
出现
Remains遗骸 of larger edentates贫齿类动物them have turned up in different places, including Texas and Florida.
1013.turned to
adapted to, adjusted to, suitable to
1014.twist around
展转反侧
When you worry about needing sleep and twisting around trying to find a comfortable position, you're probably only making matters worse.
1015.unbeknownst to
Our cousin had been ill for years, unbeknownst to the family.
without the knowledge of
1016.under the guidance of
Under the guidance of choreographers Martha Graham and Jerome Robbins, American dance has reached new levels of artistic achievement.
1017.under the impression
以为
I was under the impression that they were sold out a long time ago.
1018.unsung hero
无名英雄
The engine was the work primarily of an unsung hero of American industrial progress, Oliver Evans.
1019.up and down
到处, 前前后后, 来来往往
I jogged (慢跑) up and down the beach and I played some volleyball.
1020.up in the air
Everything is still up in the air (未定).
1021.up to a point
All this is good-up to a point. But it has gone too far.
1022.up to one's neck in work
忙的不可开交
W: Come swimming with me?
M: Sorry. But I'm up to my neck in work.
1023.up to
As long as
Atmospheric pressure can support a column (圆柱) of water up to 10 meters high.
多达
Several nutritionists营养专家 suggest that the dieters should eat up to one third of their daily calorie热卡 at breakfast time.
1024.upside down
adv. with the upper part underneath instead of on top
The photos show that the cat was dropped upside down.
颠倒
M: This calculator isn't working right?
W: I think you've got the battery in (放入) upside down.
1025.vary with
随...而变化
Adhesives, such as glue, tape, and gum, vary with the purpose for which they were intended.
1026.view sb as sth
regard as
The homes created by the legendary architect Frank Lloyd Wright are still viewed as unique, innovative, and valuable.
1027.wander off
游离开
The composition成分 of bands may change a number of times during the course of a day as individuals wander off and groups split分裂 or combine with other groups.
1028.ward off
To try to prevent; fend off
So what can I do to ward off the flu.
1029.warm up
become ready for action by exercise
It's important to warm up before exercising.
M: Are you ready to go jogging?
W: Almost. I have to warm up first.
1030.wear out
磨损
Railroading does not wear out highways as trucks do.
It is not unusual for ballet dancers to wear out more than one pair of toe shoes during an evening's performance.
1031.were it not for
if it were not because of要不是因为
Were it not for these algae the seas would still be completely sterile无生命 and the land uninhabited无人居住.
1032.what about
M: These are terrible light bulbs灯泡. I keep having to replace the one in this lamp灯.
W: What about (...怎么样) checking the wiring接线in the lamp?
1033.what if
W: Take two of these pills three times a day. And you shouldn't take them on an empty stomach.
M: What if I don't have an appetite?
1034.what of
怎么样
And what of irregular polygons? As it turns out结果, any triangle or quadrilateral四边形, no matter how devoid缺乏 of regularity, will tile the plane.
1035.what's with you
W: What's with you? You sure don't look like yourself.
M: Stay away from me. I don't know what I've got. But whatever it is, you don't want to catch it.
1036.what's sth like
怎么样
What's your budget (预算) like?
1037.What's the occasion?
有什么好事?
1038.what's up with sb
M: What's up with Donald (Donald怎么啦)? I've never seen him so happy.
1039.wind up
end up以…收场
That's a long line. I guess we'll wind up going to the second show.
1040.wipe out
To destroy or be destroyed completely
Last night when I was putting the finishing touches on my paper, that electrical storm completely wiped out my computer files.
But the slow-breeding养育 mammals of the sea have been all but (almost) wiped out by humans seeking to satisfy their wants and whims奇想.
1041.with age
With age, the mineral content of human bones decreases, thereby making them more fragile.
1042.with respect to
关于, 至于
Because of the availability of trucks and easy access to modern highways, the locate of farms has become relatively unimportant with respect to their distance from markets.
1043.with the advent of
The coming or arrival, especially of something extremely important
With the advent of power-driven machinery, home industry began toward give way to production in mills and factories.
With the advent of high-resolution radio interferometers, part of the answer became clear.
1044.work out
算出
When you ask them to work out a sum结果, they take a piece of paper, cover it with rows排 of A's, B's, and X's, Y's.
1045.work out
解决问题
You don't have to join a health club to work out.
1046.wouldn't it be easier
岂不更好
Wouldn't it be easier if we just took a taxi?
1047.wrap up
conclude, finish
Do you think we can wrap up this report by five?
Why don't we get out of here? We can wrap it up later.
1048.year round
一年四季
4 to 5 percent of cyclists bicycle year round.
1049.you can say that again
yes
M: This room is freezing.
W: You can say that again.
1050.you said it
被你说中了
M: I get the feeling that Sally never really listens to me.
W: You said it. As it is (事实上), she is always using the time to rehearse (准备) what she will say next.