托福习语3
473. go on a trip
Do you want to go on a trip with us to Florida this spring?
474. go on and on about sth
没完没了
I just read an article that went on and on about the cost.
475. go on sale
A special disposal of goods at lowered prices
M: The tickets for that rock concert finally go on sale next Saturday at 5 o'clock.
476. go on
To continue
The practice of making excellent films based in rather obscure novels has been going on so long in the United States as to constitute a tradition.
477. go out of one's way to do sth/ for sb
to make an extra effort, do more than usual
Mrs. Smith really goes out of her way for others.
478. go out of
close down
The Variety Theatre finally went out of business.
479. go out on dates
He doesn't like to go out on dates.
480. go over
review
I've got to go over my notes for tomorrow's midterm.
Please follow along with me as I go over each point.
W: Would you have some time this week to go over  these questions for me?
481. go through
A policeman saw you go through that red light闯红灯.
花费
Tim really seems to go through a lot of money, doesn't he?
482. go to one's head
to make one dizzy; to make someone too proud; make a person think he is too important
M: Have you noticed how John's changed since he became student government president?
W: I think the whole thing's gone to his head, and he used to be so sociable (友善的) and open.
483. go up
rise, increase
M: I notice that you don't buy your lunch in the cafeteria any more.
W: When prices went up, I decided to bring my own.
484. go with
to match; to look good with
He thinks any color would go well with the jacket.
choose
True. It took me several hours to figure it out. I decided to go with the ten meal plan.
485. got (have) a lot on one's mind
To feel uneasy or concerned about something
He's just got a lot on his mind these days.
I know you have a lot on your minds with finals期末考试 coming up.
486. got mixed up with
To combine or join
You've got me mixed up with somebody else。
487. got one's hands full
I've got my hands full (=busy) right now.
488. get over
To recover from
She was upset at first, but she got over it pretty quickly.
489. Got the time?
what time？
490. grant sth to sb
Countries grant certain rights to their residents and requires certain duties from them.
491. grope about
To reach about uncertainly
When there is a power failure停电, people grope about in flickering摇曳 candlelight.
492. grow attached to sth
depend on
I've actually grown quite attached to my old car.
493. hand in
M: Hi, Sue. Where have you been?
W: Oh. Hi, Dan. I was just at the library. I have to hand in my biology paper tomorrow.
494. hand out
The calendars were handed out free to customers to thank them for their business.
495. has a way with sth
擅长
What did you think of that letter John sent us about the woman?
It was fascinating. He really has a way with words.
496. have a shot
give or take an injection
You mean after you have a shot of novocaine (奴佛卡因) to deaden the nerve?
497. have concerns
Interested and involved
Raise your hand if you have any concerns.
498. have had it
To have endured all that one can
W: I've had itwith being sick in bed.
499. have one eye on
边做事边盯着
The lecture this morning was so boring乏味.
I'll say. I had one eye on the clock the whole time.
500. have one's heart set on sth
determine to do
W: I really want to see the play at the outdoor theater tonight. Will you come with me?
M: You know I hate badly all those mosquitoes (蚊子), but if you have your heart set on it.
501. have sb over
有客人来
Well, I didn't intend to (打算) buy a lot, but I am having some people over.
502. have sth due
at term
W: Alice's been spending a lot of time in the library lately.
M: Well, she's got a paper due and two final exams next week.
501-600
503. have sth in common
Music performed for Broadway theater in the heart of New York City has little in common with music that developed outside the western tradition of Europe and America.
504. have sth on one's mind
M: Tom's house is a mess (混乱). Doesn't he ever clean it?
W: I guess he just has too much else on his mind (心里有太多其他事) with that new job of his.
505. have sth out of the way
unusual
I want to have my presentation out of the way.
506. have sth to do with
be related to
Doesn't the relative humidity湿度 have anything to do with the shapes?
Much of her best work has nothing to do with the south at all.
The first key discovery had to do with seismic waves (震波).
507. hear about
be told by others
Did you hear about Jim?
508. help build up
increase in stages or by degrees
The ice that forms keeps the cave cool, and that helps build up still more ice.
509. help oneself to
Students simply present their meal tickets at the door and go through the line helping themselves to取用 as much food as they want.
510. help sth
To change for the better; improve
M: Will you be living in the dormitory (学生宿舍) this year?
W: Not if I can help it.
511. hide from sb
They hid from their enemies in caves.
512. hike up
M: You must be looking forward to your trip back to Colorado. It should be fun to hike up (徒步旅行) into those mountains again.
513. hit it off
To get along well together
W: Our little brothers are so different I was afraid they wouldn't like each other at first.
M: They really hit it off right away, didn't they?
514. hit the ceiling
have a mad on
My boss will hit the ceiling if I ask to change again.
515. hold a stake
Holding a large stake in the community, they exercised power to make it prosper.
516. hold back
hinder the progress of
517. hold on
wait
M: If I don't find my wallet pretty soon, I'm going to have to report it stolen.
W: Hold on (且慢). Before you call campus security office, have you checked your car, all your jacket pockets, everywhere?
518. hold sb over
M: Don't you want to have dinner before you go to your evening class? W: I'll grab抓a snack (小吃) at the break. That should hold me over (支撑) until I get back.
519. hold sth in place
The roots of shrubs and trees help to hold the desert soil in place.
520. hold sth up
绊住，耽
Have the parts we need for the copier arrived yet?
I ordered them last week, but something's holding them up .
521. hold up
持续，耐久
It looks nice, but it hasn't held up 持续，耐久well.
522. hold up sth
M: I'm really sorry my article didn't make the deadline (赶上截止期). I guess I held up (耽误) everything, uh?
523. hold up
被阻.
They called at 9 to say that they'd been held up.
524. hold up
擎
Today these giant patriarchs巨大的长老 seems remote and inaccessible远不可及 as the rocks and mountain cliffs断崖 on which they grow, like cathedral columns教堂大柱 holding up擎 the sky.
525. hollow out
掏空
Water from the surface drips滴水down through cracks缝隙, hollowing out the tunnels and decorating装饰 the caves with crystal晶体icicles垂冰.
526. how does sth go?
进行得怎么样了？
How did the game go the other night?
527. how does sth sound
听上去怎么样
How does tomorrow sound?
528. huddle together
挤在一起.
Horses and cows always seem to go to a protected area and huddle together.
529. I am no sth
I'm no doctor (我不懂医), but it's not black and blue (遍体鳞伤的) or anything. Maybe you just need to rest it for a few days.
I'm no expert, but that fridge doesn't sound right.
530. I bet
I'm sure; I'm certain
531. in … sense
in some ways but not in all; somewhat
In this sense, she was an important forerunner to the realistic movement that became popular later in the 19th century.
532. in a … degree
Life resembles in only a slight degree the popular image of it.
533. in a flash
一瞬间
I see you've already read the manual-you should be done in a flash.
534. in a nutshell
in brief
We are in a hurry, so I'll give you the story in a nutshell.
535. in accord with
adv.与...一致
As the cat rotates the front of its body clockwise, the rear and tail twist counterclockwise, so that the total spin remains zero, in perfect accord with Newton's laws.
536. in addition to
In addition to pleasure, games provide excitement, challenge, and relaxation.
537. In addition
In addition, our counselors (顾问) will give you hints (提示) about successful interviewing.
538. in advance
It's a really nice apartment. But the owners want two months' rent in advance, and I just don't have it.
539. in an attempt to
In the Middle Ages, books called bestiaries were prepared in an attempt to describe animals that exemplified human traits.
540. in any event
I'm going in any event (无论如何).
541. in case
The exam will be held next Thursday, remember to bring along two or three pens in case you run out of 用完ink.
542. in conflict with
The steady state theory is in direct conflict with the big bang theory.
543. in conjunction with
与结合
Viruses cannot be detected through their biological activity, except as it occurs in conjunction with other organisms有机体.
544. in contrast to
different from
While still growing, crops belonged to the men who, in contrast to most other Native American groups.
545. in cooperation
You try to play in cooperation (合作) with your partner.
546. in depth
During our Wednesday seminar, we will discuss in depth the movie we saw the night before.
547.in diameter
The pipe is 4 feet in diameter.
548. in earnest
adv.认真地, 诚挚地
Their play, and ours, appears to serve no other purpose than to remove us temporarily from the anguish of life in earnest.
549. in equilibrium
The birthrate and the death rate are in equilibrium (平衡).
550. in essence
If sport is, in essence, play, the claim might be made that sport is much older than humankind.
551. in extent
Somewhere in its wilds (荒野处) was a mountain of rock salt 80 by 45 miles in extent (= size).
552. in favor of
In support of; approving;To the advantage of
However, by the late 1940's, commercially recorded Cajun music had begun to lose its individual character in favor of new sounds heavily influenced by hillbilly南部山区 music and western swing摇摆音乐.
553. in general
Sandstone in general is more easily cut and shaped than are hard rocks such as granite.
554. in half
When a pearl is cut in half and examined under a microscope, but its layers can be seen.
555. in hand
In this heavily wooded area logs were the material in hand (垂手可得的).
556. in high gear
高速地
557. in keeping with
prep.符合(与...相一致,与...协调)
This neurotic and unhappy artist is strangely modern, oddly in keeping with our own neurotic and unhappy age.
558. in no time
soon, immediately
559. in no way
adv.决不(毫不)
It in no way interfered with the ordinary use of the telegraph wires.
560. in one's power
尽…所能.
Those who could bought war bonds战争债券; others knitted编织, sewed缝制, nursed护理, or lent any other assistance出力 in their power.
561. in one's honor
The decision was made to redesign the one-cent piece in his honor (为纪念他).
562. in opposition to
n.反对,与...相对,与...反向
These two sets of muscles are said to act in opposition to each other.
563. in person
adv.亲自
If you don't have questions, we will go in now and see some of these creatures in person.
564. in place of
代替
In place of the usual Wednesday class, I've arranged an optional (自由参加的) review session (复习课).
565. in proportion to
n.与...成比例
The high-pressure engine was far lighter in proportion to horsepower.
566. in question
adv.正被讨论, 可怀疑
To simulate natural sounds in music, composers often use the orchestral instrument that they feel most nearly approximates the sound in question.
567. in relation to
相对…而言;相对于
You can see their size in relation to the hands holding them.
The bee scout tells the other workers what direction to fly in relation to the Sun.
568. in response to
n.响应,应...,随..
Colleges in the newly formed United States inaugurated a broad curriculum in response of social demands.
The evolutionary adaptation of a particular species of animal over time occurs in response to environmental conditions, including others animals.
569. in season
adv.当令, 及时, 及早
Before the mid-nineteenth century, people in the United States ate most foods only in season.
570. in short
简言之
In short, a personalized relationship evolves between client and employee.
571. in tandem with
一前一后地，协力地
In tandem with staff resources机构资源, this specialization allows Congress to compete with the executive branch行政部门 in assembling收集 information.
572. in terms of
n.依据,用...词句,用...来
Think of the environmental damage it could do, simply in terms of (在...方面) wildlife.
In terms of (就什么而言) its content, the review was much different.
573. in that case
如果是这样
In that case, I'd also suggest you get married.
574. in the … sense
从 … 意义上说
Viruses are not living agents生物 in the strictest sense.
575. in the form of
Modern-day prospectors (采矿者) in the form of (以...形式出现的) mining corporations have headed back to the same area.
576. in the long run
after enough time, in the end
Good equipment will perform more reliably (可靠性) and safely for you in the long run (从长远看).
In the longer run, too, American hotels made other national conventions not only possible but pleasant and convivial.
577. in the mood
心情
I'm in the mood to go to a museum today.
I'm in the mood (心情) to go to a museum today.
578. in the red
owe money
579. in the same boat
处境相同
I think everybody's pretty much in the same boat.
580. in their own right
本来就应该
Archaeological data are historical documents in their own right, not mere illustrations图解 to written texts.
581. in time
M: I really enjoyed that TV special about whales last night. Did you get home in time to see it?
582. in touch with
When you find something that interests you, we'll put you in touch with (接触) the person offering it.
583. in trust
In the possession or care of a trustee
A sunken ship lies in trust, preserved in the airless environment of the sea, and those in deep water are especially well protected.
584. in tune
不走调
Singers and instrumentalists have to be able to get every note音符 perfectly in tune.
585. in turn
A heater is using convection when it warms the air in the room. And the air, in turn  (反过来), warms the people and objects in the room.
The agent reduces the water's surface tension, which, in turn, reduces the water's ability to repulse oil.
586. inside out
反了
You're wearing your sweater inside out.
587. interact with
与互相影响
Faculty members interact with students.
These environmental sculptures were created expressly明确地 to be outside and to interact with their surroundings四周环境.
588. it follows that
那么就可以说
Photography came into existence in 1839, it follows that it has taken more than one hundred years for the camera to reach its present condition of technical refinement成熟.
589. It never fails
次次日如此
It never fails. It's raining hard outside, and I am stuck	without an umbrella.
590. jar sb out of A into B
刺激
Satire jars us out of complacence into a pleasantly shocked realization that many of the values we unquestioningly accept are false. .
591. jibe with
与...一致
Chimpanzees are more human than baboons, or rather they jibe better with the way we like to picture ourselves.
592. Just as much as
同...一样
Just as much as any other historian, an archaeologist studies and tries to reconstitute重构 the process that has created the human world in which we live-and us ourselves in so far as we are each creatures所造之物 of our age and social environment.
593. keep (time) open
W: Sounds good! Meantime, I'll keep Saturday open (星期六不作安排).
594. keep an appointment with sb
He must keep an appointment with his doctor.
595. keep an eye on sth
留意
Could I leave my suitcase here until it's time for my train?
Yes, of course. I'll keep an eye 留意on it.
596. keep an eye out
watch, stay alert
597. keep an eye out for sb
But I'll certainly keep an eye out (留意) for you.
598. keep away from sb
The birds won't learn to keep away from people.
599. keep count of
n.数...的数目,知道共有多少
Because it was inconvenient to carry anything in pants pockets while riding, the cowboy usually had on穿 a vest背心 with deep pockets where he kept his tobacco烟草 and perhaps a tally book记帐本 for keeping count of记帐 the cattle.
600. keep from doing
M: What a boring speaker! I could hardly keep from falling asleep.
601. keep informed
W: Are you keeping current on the news from home since you've been here?
602. keep on
继续
How are you going to be able to fall asleep later if you keep on like this.
601-700
603. keep sth in mind
Now, keep in mind that a theory of the moon's origin has to be consistent (一致) with two important facts.
604. keep to oneself
W: I am amazed that you still haven't gotten to know your neighbors.
M: They tend to keep to themselves (自我封闭).
605. keep track of
跟踪
My family gave them to me because I have trouble keeping track of the time.
606. keep up with
He gets more news than he can keep up with.
607. keep up with
I could never keep up with that kind of pace.
608. keep up with
The rags supply couldn't keep up with (赶上) the growing demand for paper.
A new source of fiber was needed to keep up with the demand for paper.
609. keep up
持续
It's pouring now. And it's supposed to keep up持续 all day tomorrow.
610. keep with
随身携带
You should really keep this with you for the first couple of weeks.
611. kind of
slightly; to some extent
612. kind of
似乎，有点儿
I kind of have my hands full.
613. kind of
I feel kind of (有点) responsible. She won't know her way around and I want her to have a good time.
614. kind of
I heard that the turnout (参加人数) for the opening of the new sculpture exhibit was kind of disappointing.
615. know better than to do sth
be wise or sensible enough not to do it
W: I thought Pam said the math test wasn't till Monday.
M: Helen, you should know better than to take Pam's words for anything.
616. know better
Louisiana who carried his accordion手风琴 in a flour sack面口袋 didn't know better (水平有限), but crowds rushed to hear his highly emotional music.
617. know it all along
一直知道
I knew it all along. He was the obvious choice.
618. lag behind
vt.落后,迟滞
One of the problems of United States agriculture that has persisted during the 1920's until the present day is the tendency of farm income to lag behind the costs of production.
619. lag behind
落后
Harvard and John Hopkin universities quickly took the lead in this field, but the state universities didn't lag far behind.
620. lay down
design, put down, prescribe
621. lay off
dismiss (employee)
622. lay off
裁(员)
I got some bad news today. The store where I work is laying off staff.
623. lead to
bring about, cause
624. lead to
Any or all these factors might be leading to your insomnia失眠 by disrupting打乱 your body's natural rhythm自然节奏.
625. lead to
For some students, these part time jobs could lead to full time work after graduation.
626. lead to
导致
It might lead to导致 something with them after graduation.
627. lean toward
have a tendency toward
It sounds to me that you are leaning toward White Stone College.
628. learn by rote
Drilling机械练习 and learning by rote死记硬背 were replaced by the German method of lecturing.
629. leave behind
That's because paleontologist (古生物学家) realized they could find no evidence of a heavy dragging tail, which would have left behind marks in the earth.
630. leave much to be desired
不尽如人意
Many students claim声称 that the dorm food leaves much to be desired.
631. leave over sth
留下
They still have some candy left over.
632. leave sth to sb
留给
They wrote into the Constitution宪法 the powers of the legislature as they understood them and left the details to future generations.
633. leave sth up to sb
Do you think we should urge催促 Bob to study Spanish?
We'll have to leave that decision up to (留给…处理) him.
634. lie in
The answer lay in a resource that unknowing Americans had trampled underfoot in their haste to cross the  Great American Desert  to reach lands that sometimes proved barren.
635. lie in
在于.
Her second contribution lies in dance costume服装.
636. lie in在于
Her second contribution lies in在于 dance costume服装.
637. life expectancy
an age most people hope to live to average life span
638. lift the ban on sth
M: Dan's talking about getting a cat from one of his relatives.
W: Yeah, I hear his apartment building is about to lift the ban (取消禁令) on pets.
639. listen for
Can you listen for my telephone守电话?
Sure, I'm planning to be here all day.
640. live up to
Psychologists claim that people tend to live up to the expectations of others.
641. lived on
继续活着
Denis lived on继续活着 in America like whales on the beach像海滩上的鲸.
642. look after
My cousin's coming on Thursday. I promised my aunt I'd look after her.
643. look for sth
I have to look for a room to rent找间房租用.
644. look forward to
I was really looking forward to it.
645. look into
investigate or examine
646. look into sth
去了解
Yeah, I think I'll look into that.
647. look into
W: You'd better have your car looked into (检查) before you drive to Florida.
648. look on
That's OK, I looked on (共看) with a friend.
649. look over
Do you always look over your own papers for typing mistakes打印错误?
650. look up to
respect
651. look up to sb
I've always looked up to (仰慕) her.
652. looked down on
俯瞰
Some of California's sequoias红衫 have for four thousand years looked down on俯瞰 the changes in the landscape大地风貌.
653. loose count
W: How many trips a week do you make anyway?
M: I have lost count. But I can do it with my eyes closed.
654. loose track of
M: Doctor, I haven't been able to get to sleep lately, and I'm too tired to concentrate during classes.
W: Well, you know spending too much time indoors with all that artificial lighting can do that to you. Your body loses track of whether it's day or night.
655. loose weight
减肥
I must have lost some weight瘦了. Look how baggy (松垮，象bag) my pants裤子 are.
656. lost his voice
嗓子哑了
Don asked me to call you because he has lost his voice, and he can't talk to you himself.
657. lost track of
失去跟踪
Why were you late for the meeting this afternoon?
I just lost track of time.
658. made a mess of sth
把...弄得一团糟
Larry certainly made a mess of that paint job.
659. made out of
It was made out of soapstone (皂石) by an Inuit (一个印第安部落) artist from Northern Canada.
660. made their way to
走向
Early marine水 species made their way to freshwater淡水 and eventually最终 to dry land, sodium钠 remained a key ingredient关键成分 of their interior体内的.
661. make a comeback
The election is not over yet. I think she will make a comeback (扭转局势).
662. make a contribution to
作出巨大贡献
They hoped that their works would make a significant contribution to the evolution of a truly Canadian art tradition.
663. make a copy of
They need to make a copy of the budget.
664. make a fuss
Homeowners don't want to make a fuss (惹事). But if the homeowner reported it, then the housesitter wouldn't be able to get another job.
665. make a point of doing sth
Hmm, next time it snows, I'll make a point of特意 taking a closer look.
666. make a shift
One of the most important social developments that helped to make possible a shift in thinking about the role of public education was the effect of the baby boom of the 1950's and 1960's on the schools.
667. make an appoinment
Why didn't you make an appointment to see Dr. Hansen last week when you first twisted扭伤 your foot?
668. make an appointment
I just made an appointment for you.
669. make do with
M: I don't think we have nearly enough information for our financial plan. At this point, we will just have to make do with what we've got.
670. make ends meet
live within one's means
671. make ends meet
earn enough money to live without getting into debt
672. make ends meet
Of course, artists were not the only ones who had to leave their fields in order to make ends meet.
673. make ends meet
W: Did you hear that Michelle turned down (拒绝) that job?
M: Yes, the hours were convenient, but she wouldn't have been able to make ends meet (收支平衡)?
674. make ends meet
收支平衡
They understand how difficult it is to make ends meet when you are a student.
675. make heads or tails out of sth
I couldn't make heads or tails out of (弄明白) it.
676. make it to
I don't know if I can make it to (赶上) the graduation ceremony.
677. make it to
I'm sorry I'm late. This morning has been a real mess一团糟. I didn't think I was going to make it here赶到这里at all.
678. make it to
赶上
Here I am. I'm lucky I make it to the exam on time.
679. make it
At the rate of its being used (照这个速度用下去), the copier (复印机) is not going to make it through (熬过) the rest of the year.
680. make it
I'll try to make it (及时抵达) in the afternoon.
681. make it
I'm going to try to make it赶赴 tonight. Can I give you a ride over there?
682. make oneself at home
Make yourself at home.
683. make out
understand
684. make out
M: Could you lend me your biology notes?
W: Do you think you'll be able to make out (弄明白) my handwriting?
685. make out
辨认出
There was so much static (静电噪音) I couldn't make out what he was saying.
686. make out
弄明白
One cannot make out anything of their structure.
687. make sense
be meaningful, be sensible, be wise
688. make sense
It would make little sense to talk to him.
689. make sense
I'm having a lot of trouble with calculus (微积分) and my professor can't seem to explain it in a way that makes sense to (使某人明白) me.
690. make sense
It sounds pretty nontraditional to me, but I guess it makes sense.
691. make sense
W: I have this great summer job that I really hated to leave. I worked at the Wildlife Research Center in Maryland.
M: That makes sense (有道理) for a genetics major (遗传学的学生).
692. make sense
有道理
All these things make sense.
693. make the most of sth
充分利用
You're right. Let's make the most of it.
694. make up one's mind
695. make up one's mind
拿定主意
I think you've helped me make up my mind.
696. make up
Considered together, all bodies of water and ice make up a part of the Earth called the hydrosphere.
697. make up
Crystalline ice makes up glaciers.
698. make up
The chief goal of biochemistry is to understand the structure and behavior of the carbon-containing compounds that make up various components of a living cell.
699. make up
The continental shelf and slope make up the continental terrace.
700. make up
The nitrogen makes up over 78 percent of the Earth's atmosphere.
701. make up
Worldwide there are approximately 270 species of carnivorous birds that make up the order Falconiformes, the scientifically name for hawks.
702. makeup n.
composition, formation
701-800
703. making a tribute
进贡
It took 16 years for workers with pickaxes镐 and shovels铲 to move 5 million cubic立方 feet of earth and rock, and to plant half a million trees and shrubs灌木, making a tribute to nature.
704. mark down
To mark for sale at a lower price
We have some very nice ones marked down.
705. meet each other half way
各让一步达成妥协
You should try to meet each other half way.
706. meet one's goal
实现
Without more volunteers (志愿者), we'll never meet our goal.
707. meet the standard
California is a huge market for the automobile companies. So they are working hard to meet the standard.
708. meet with
v.偶遇, 遭受
She meets with her supervisor regularly.
709. melt one's way through
Water from a faucet水龙头 melts its way through融化穿过 an ice cube冰块.
710. men's suits
Are men's suits男士服装部 on the seventh floor?
711. mess up
搞糟, 陷入困境, 粗暴地处理
He doesn't want to mess up the clean room绝对无尘室.
I just can't believe you still want to work with me after I messed up (弄糟) last time.
712. might as well
I've hardly seen her since the beginning of the term. She might as well (倒不如) move her bed over to the office.
When you're talking about what's going to happen three months later, you might as well just pick a forecast 抽签问卦out of a hat (意象算命一样).
713. more or less
Blushing is more or less a learned behavior.
714. move on to
进行下一项
I think we should move on to the next item.
715. move on
转移（到新事物上）
Let's leave behind these technical concerns and move on to consider some of the design elements that have come to characterize the age of the skyscraper.
716. negotiate one's way
找路
However, don't do this unless you have a very good sense of direction and can negotiate your way through tall grass.
717. no end in sight
还不知何时结束
W: Hew! It's a real scorcher (大热天) today.
M: And the forecasters (预报员) are saying there is no end in sight.
718. no way
W: Shall I cut your hair for you?
M: No way. Last time you almost made me bald (秃顶的).
719. No wonder
adj.不足为奇的
No wonder these trees became symbols象征 of strength, fruitfulness, and everlasting life永生.
720. not much I don't
W: Surely you don't want to eat at that expensive restaurant.
M: Not much I don't (双重否定=肯定Yes, I do, and very much).
721. not much of a sth
I've never been in a canoe and I'm not much of a swimmer (不太会游泳) either.
722. not to mention
It must really help with their schedules. Not to mention (更不必说) how it'll cut down on (减少) traffic.
I would be working in the clothing store, not to mention the discount I could get on clothes there.
723. nothing less than
不亚于, 完全
Our reenactment (重演行动) promises to be nothing less than spectacular (非常壮观).
724. now and then
I only see him every now and then (=occasionally).
725. now that
since, considering that
Now that we've gone through all the numbers on our list now, I guess we can call it a day.
726. object to
反对
Chivalry was suspect before Cervantes, humanists objected to the claims of pure science before Aldous Huxley.
727. occur to sb
Something interesting just occurred to me (我突然想到...).
728. of the day
当时的
But Americans of the day typically thought of Edison as认为是 the practical, unschooled没有上过学的 inventor who needed no science.
729. off campus
I've been thinking of renting an apartment off campus (校外) with some friends of mine.
730. on and off
from time to time; occasionally
I just heard there're gonna be showers on and off (断断续续) all weekend.
731. on and on
Without stopping; continuously
732. on average
The nonagricultural Native Americans sustained population densities, on average, of perhaps 41 persons per 100 square miles.
733. on behalf of
On behalf of (代表) the modern dance club, I'd like to welcome you to tonight's program.
734. on display
展出
We are fortunate to have a few samples of these fossil (化石) remains on display on the second floor.