托福习语1
Idioms in Toefl

1-100
1.a beach person
M: Jennifer is going to the shore again this weekend.
W: Well, she's always been a beach person.
a person who likes to go to the beach
2.a bunch of
A bunch of us are getting together to go to the basketball game on Saturday afternoon.
a group of
3.abound in
New Jercy abounds in colonial architecture, battlefields of the revolution, and other historical sites important in the early history.
be rich in
4.adhere to
We will adhere to our plan.
carry out a plan or an operation without deviation:
5.a host of
A host of terms came into use.
a group of
6.a household word
Pearl S. Buck was almost a household word throughout much of her lifetime.
A widely known saying, name, person, or thing
7.a large amount of jjj
a large quantity of
Using many symbols makes it possible to put a large amount of information on a single map.
8.a needle in a haystack
something impossible to do（大海捞针）
W: We are supposed to meet John here at the train station.
M: That's like looking for a needle in a haystack（干草堆）.
9.a nest egg
A sum of money put by as a reserve
Today the simple piggy bank is seen everywhere as the symbol of saving and frugality, for putting away funds for a rainy day, or building a nest egg (money saved for emergencies) for life's sudden money needs.
10.a rainy day jjj
A time of need or trouble
they put away funds for a rainy day, or building a nest egg (money saved for emergencies) for life's sudden money needs.
11.a range of
广泛的
She created a range of广泛的）sculptures in different styles in the 1940's.
12.a rare treat
M: This casserole砂锅菜） really tastes good. I guess that's because the vegetables in it are fresh instead of canned.
M: I know. Kind of a rare treat in this cafeteria.
13.a rule of thumb
A useful principle having wide application but not intended to be strictly accurate or reliable in every situation.
This basic chemical knowledge, which was applied in most cases as a rule of thumb, was nevertheless dependent on previous experiment.
14.a scorcher
a hot day
Hew! It's a real scorcher today.
15.a selection of
The jewelry store doesn't have a good selection of watches.
16.a series of
Reversals of the field give rise to a series of magnetic stripes（条纹地带） running parallel to the axis轴） of the rift裂口）.
A number of objects or events arranged or coming one after the other in succession.
17.a suite of
Their fossilization required a suite (套) of factors.
18.a torrent of
大量的
They brought a torrent of criticism on the experimenter.
19.a trace of
一丝
Scientists believe that when the oceans were young they contained only a trace of salt and their level of salinity含盐量）has been growing gradually.
20.a variety of
各种各样的
We organize tours to a variety of places nearly every weekend.
21.a wealth of
大量
Modern dance gave up a wealth of exotic华丽动人的 color.
22.a while back
不久前
He hurt his knee pretty badly a while back.
23.account for
explain
This then accounts for why there is little iron but lots of other minerals on the moon.
24.account for
constitute
This tough, armored shell accounts for about sixteen percent of its body weight
25.act as
担当
Often very annoying weeds, goldenrods crowd out less hardy plants and act as hosts to many insect pests.
26.adapt to
One of the keys to the survival of any animal is its ability to adapt to changes in the environment.
27.add to
His untimely death in 1955 only added to his legendary stature.
28.add up
合计
The three angles of any triangle always add up to 180 degrees.
29.in addition to
In addition to having to be a generalist while specializing in what may seem to be a narrow field, the researcher is faced with the problem of primary materials that have little or no documentation.
30.address to
写给
Why is it that whenever I opened my mailbox lately, I pulled out letters addressed to you?
31.adjust to
Industries had to adjust to peacetime conditions: factories had to be retooled for civilian needs.
32.affiliate with
加入
The share比例) of voters regarding themselves as political independents, that is, people not affiliated with either of the major parties, rose.
33.against one's will
Poverty forced others to leave their native lands for the New World against their will.
34.aim at
瞄准, 针对
Applied research aims at some specific objective, such as the development of a new produce, process, or material.
35.aim for
determine a course for
That is what I aim for in my dances
36.all at once
突然,一下子
Can you manage that many labs all at once?
37.all but
almost.
The slow-breeding mammals of the sea have been all but wiped out消灭) by humans.
38.all over
The basic design is two triangles. In fact there are triangles all over.
39.allocated for
a lot of money was allocated (划拨) for a soils study.
40.amount to
The purchases amounted to 50 dollars.
In 1987 the sales of ice cream in the United States amounted to fifteen quarts per year for every persons in the country.
add up in quantity
41.an array of
An impressively large number, as of persons or objects
The ecosystems生态系统of the Earth provide a vast array of free public services that are essential for the support of civilizations.
42.And how
当然罗!
W: The concert pianist was fantastic.
M: And how!
43.appeal to
受…欢迎
Nylon brushes appeal to many people because they are inexpensive and they produce an acceptable effect on paper.
44.apply for
请求, 申请
The man will have to apply for his birth certificate in writing.
45.apply sth to somewhere
He could apply the techniques to应用于) principles of composition, color and design.
46.apply to
use for
The same point applies to any encounter with unfamiliar dialects or styles within a single language.
47.around the corner
The theater's just around the corner.
48.as a rule
In general; for the most part
I didn't care much for喜欢) horror movies as a rule.
49.as good as
M: Excuse me, could you tell me how to get to the post office?
W: Your guess is as good as mine. I'm new around here.
50.as long as
Some friends of my parents' live out there. And they invited me for as long as I wanted to stay.
51.as luck would have it
不巧
As luck would have it there was no one home so I had to wait another 45 minutes for the next bus.
52.as sth go
就...而言
Often called the wanderer流浪者), it is tough and powerful as butterflies go and is capable of long flights at speeds of 20 miles per hour or more.
53.aside from
除...以外
Aside from this course, I'm taking modern Asian politics and advanced Japanese.
54.ask for
ask for a loan
borrow money from
55.assume sth to be true
56.at an angle / remain rigid and still
有一定角度 /僵硬不动
The worm stretches its body away from the branch at an angle and remains rigid and still, until the danger has passed.
57.at hand
near in place or time
58.at home
感到自在
I certainly hope that most of you will soon feel right at home with our group.
59.at intervals
断断续续
Homer worked on画) Breezing Up 微风习习) at intervals over a period of three years.
60.at one's pleasure
These advisers serve at the President's pleasure and can be fired at any time.
61.at sb's service
willing to help sb
W: Phil, could you give me a hand with this file cabinet帮我搬文件柜)? It belongs against the wall应该靠墙放) next to the bulletin board.
M: At your service.
62.at the crack of dawn
I'm getting up at the crack of dawn (破晓).
63.at the dedication of
Abraham Lincoln delivered his most famous address at the dedication of the soldiers cemetery in Gettysburg.
64.at the mercy of
Without any protection against; helpless before
They are drifting in an open boat, at the mercy of the elements.
65.at the spanking rate
急速
As the Sun grows older, and uses up its hydrogen fuel氢燃料)-which it is now doing at the spanking rate of half a billion tons a second-it will become steadily colder and redder.
66.at the suggestion of sb
在…建议下
It was at the suggestion of her acting coach表演教练) that the youngster, who was, by her own admission, clumsy笨拙), shapeless无体形), and on the heavy side, enrolled被收入) in a dancing class.
67.at the tip of
at the pointed end of
68.at the top of
We're almost at the top of the hill.
69.at times
The planning function may at times be less comprehensive.
70.at will
任意
On the contrary, individuals move about at will, alone or in small groups best described as bands伙), which sometimes form into large aggregations (groups).
71.attach to
tie, connect; fasten
The virus replicates by attaching to a cell and injecting its nucleic acid.
We have to cover ourselves up so that baby cranes will not become attached to us.
72.attribute sth to sb
consider as resulting from, proper to, or belonging to a person or thing
Soldiers rarely hold the ideals that movies attribute to them, nor do ordinary citizens devote their lives to unselfish service of humanity.
73.back and forth
Mostly I'll just be using the bike to get me back and forth from work.
74.back up
To cause to accumulate or undergo accumulation 使聚集引起堆积或经过积累
The accident backed the traffic up for blocks. Traffic backed up in the tunnel.
事故引起了交通阻塞。在地下道中引起了交通阻塞.
75.be … short
W: I found the perfect book bag, but I am about 20 dollars short (缺20元).
76.be absolved in sth
沉浸
I spent the whole weekend totally absolved in this biography.
77.be accessible to sb
Easily approached or entered
The national park is accessible to everyone.
78.be accountable to sb
负责
Powerful railroad barons (大王) made fortunes without having to be accountable to the public or considerate (关心) of customers.
79.be accustomed to
To familiarize, as by constant practice, use, or habit
I have accustomed myself to working long hours.
80.be adapted to
Bloodhounds are biologically adapted to trailing their prey.
81.be adept at
be good at
Crows are adept at avoiding researchers.
82.be allergic to sth
Having a dislike; averse
Dan is allergic to cats.
83.be around
在附近
M: Is Sally still around? I was going to ask her if she wanted to walk to class with me.
84.be associated with
与相联系
The process is associated with the formation and melting融化) of sea ice.
85.be at risk
Pains are sure sign that your hearing is at risk.
86.be available to
使可得到
Their reports of the climate, the animals and birds, the trees and plants, and the Indians of the West were made available to scientists.
87.be aware
意识到
I'm sure you are aware that one-third of your final grade is based on your lab work.
88.be bare of
Written to be performed on a stage bare of scenery, Thornton Wilder's play Our Town depicts life in a small New England community.
89.be beat
be very tired精疲力尽
M: It's almost midnight. Why don't we leave those dishes until tomorrow?
W: Good idea! I'm beat.
90.be behind in sth
延迟, 落后
M: Hey, Larry. Wanna (= Want to ) meet a few of us for coffee in a little while?
W: Hmm, I would if I weren't so far behind in this reading I'm doing for history.
91.be behind time
落后
M: Boy, how quickly technology changes! So many people have a computer in their home nowadays.
W: I know. I feel so behind the time.
92.be beset with
To trouble persistently; harass
By 1970, the rail industry was beset with problems.
93.be better off doing sth
境况好
Wouldn't she be better off getting a good night's sleep so she'll feel fresh in the morning?
94.be blessed with
possess
I am blessed with a good memory.
95.be bound to do sth
be certain to do sth
It's bound to rain soon.
Without a plentiful and convenient supply of some suitable writing medium, development of the arithmetic process was bound to be hampered.
96.be brought up
Mercy Warren was brought up with the values of gentility在上流社会的价值观影响下长大.
97.be capable of
Snakes are capable of graceful motion throughout the entire length of their rubbery bodies.
98.be characteristic of
Geologists find it useful to identify fossils in a rock sample because certain assemblages of species are characteristic of specific geologic time periods.
99.be clogged with
be crowded with
The roads are clogged with the traffic between the suburbs and the cities every morning and evening.
100. come into its own
独立
At a time when Canada was coming into its own, they felt that a major factor因素) in the development of a strong and healthy nation was a vital有生气的) and relevant实质性的) art.
101-200
101. be concerned with
Langston Hughes, a prolific writer of the 1920's, was concerned with the depicting the experience of urban Black people in the United States.
102. be confined to
把...限制在
But this delivery service was at first confined to cities.
103. be confused about sth
He was confused about the date of the appointment.

104. be crawling with
be covered with or full of things that crawl
105.be credited with
被公认为
King Oliver, who is also credited with having discovered Armstrong when they were both in New Orleans.
106. be critical of sb
挑剔的, 对...表示不满意的
You know, every time I talk to Mary, I get a feeling she's being critical of me.
107.be dedicated to
James Farmer helped establish the Congress of Racial Equality, an organization that is dedicated to the principle of nonviolence.
The greatest natural resource of the state of North Dakota is their fertile farmland.
108. be deft at
Quick and skillful; adroit
Small-billed crossbill交喙鸟) are more deft at removing the seeds from small, thin-scaled cones.
109. be depleted of
耗尽
After several weeks, the mother is depleted of all nutrients and she dies.
110. be derived from
得自,起源
The energy needed for animal growth is derived primarily from carbohydrates and fats.
111. be destined to
To determine beforehand; preordain
Whether as statesman, scientist, and philosopher, Benjamin Franklin was destined to gain lasting honor throughout much of the world.
112. be dirt cheap
非常便宜(像dirt垃圾)
I found some used furniture that was dirt cheap.
113. be down
The reason I've been so down (沮丧) is all this work I have to do.
114. be drawn to
Nineteenth-century writers in the United States were powerfully drawn to the railroad in its golden years.
115. be due
Your lab notebooks for the semester are due on Thursday.
116. be engaged in
In fact, major gourmet coffee merchants (商) from other cities are engaged in (卷入) a kind of coffee war with Boston's merchants.
117. be equal to
Wildlife conservationists say the cover that foliage provides for animals is equal in importance to
118. be equipped with
His laboratory was equipped with a rich variety多种多样) of scientific instruments仪器).
119. be exempt from
Freed from an obligation, a duty, or a liability to which others are subject; excused
In New York City, the only rental units being built are luxury units, which are exempt from controls.
120. be exposed to
接触
If our bodies are not exposed to ultraviolet rays from the sun, we cannot convert vitamin D to its active form.
121. be gifted with
Endowed with great natural ability, intelligence, or talent
Some homing pigeon experts claim that this bird is gifted with a form of built-in radar that helps it find its own loft after hours of flight.
122. be good with sth
擅长
W: Do you know what year Thomas was born?
M: Don't ask me. I'm not good with dates.
123. be hazardous to
The lead is hazardous (危险) to the neurological (神经) system.
124. be headed
Where are you headed (going) next?
125. be immune from
be free from, secure, safe, unaffected
The criminal was told he would be immune from punishment if he helped the police.
126. be in a … mood
I'm in a terrible mood (情绪). My boss didn't like the report I wrote.
127. be in a mood for
I'm not sure what I am in a mood for? Pizza or a hamburger? They are both really good here.
128. be in competition with
与...竞争
However, electric cars will be in competition with gas powered cars.
129. be in contact with sb
与…联系
Have you been in contact with the Student Health Services?
130. be in danger of
I thought they were in danger of becoming extinct (灭绝).
131. be in existence
The company was in existence from 1887 to 1893.
132. be in for sth
现在开始招待你们
Now you're in for a treat.
133. be in harmony with
与和谐
She believed movement of dance should be in harmony with the movements of the Earth.
134. be in luck
Enjoying success; fortunate
You are in luck. I've just cashed the check.
135. be in search of
在寻找
Many artists late in the last century were in search of a means to express their individuality个性).
136. be in shock
I am in shock-It's going to be 65 bucks (= dollars)!
137. be in the dark
一头雾水
I am as much in the dark as you are!
138. be in the middle of things
正有事
M: Could I talk to you for a minute about the discrepancy (差错) I've found in this graph?
W: I'm kind of in the middle of things right now.
139. be in the minority
W: Joe, I thought your article on the school newspaper was right on target. You certainly convinced me anyway.
M: Thanks, Mary. Unfortunately, based on the general response, you and I are definitely in the minority.
140. be in the red
W: So far, the club's about 300 dollars in the red (赤字), and we still have four months to go before membership renewal.
M: Well, we may have to raise our dues (会费).
141. be in the same boat
Everybody's pretty much in the same boat (处境相同).
142. be indicative of
表明的；表示的,反映出
World trade patterns are indicative of the important economic issues that confront the world today.
143. be inferior to
we found that some of its structural properties make it inferior to (次于) ordinary steel in other ways.
144. be left behind on the back roads
掉队
If the buddies look after each other, we can be sure that no one will be left behind on the back roads.
145. be liable to
At risk of or subject to experiencing or suffering something unpleasant.
What of the Southern leaders, all of whom were liable to charges可能被提起刑事起诉的 of treason?
146. be mixed up
糊涂了
I'm all mixed up.
147. be native to
Existing in or belonging to one by nature; innate
Although it is native to Europe, the daisy (雏菊) has now spread throughout most of North America.
148. be next to
仅次于
Eggs are supposed to be one of the most healthful foods. But actually, it is next to potatoes.
Life without a car is next to impossible.
149. be noted for
be famous for
O. Henry's short stories are noted for their carefully plotting, ironic coincidences, and surprise endings.
150. be obsessed
To have the mind excessively preoccupied with a single emotion or topic
be attracted, be fascinated, be preoccupied
151. be of
具有
Professors were hired for their knowledge of a subject专业, not because they were of the proper faith and had a strong arm for disciplining约束 students.
152. be off sth
戒
M: Would you like to come with us for coffee a little later?
W: I am off caffein (咖啡因).
153. be off
出发
W: Fred's off to the gulf course again.
M: He thinks he was practicing for the championship (锦标赛).
154. be on duty
In the national park, park rangers are on duty at all times to answer questions and help visitors in any difficulty.
155. be on loan to sb
An act of lending:
My camera is already on loan to someone.
156. be on one's way
W: Tom, I need someone to return this book to the library for me.
M: That's no bother at all. I'm on my way there now.
157. be on reserve
预留
I'd like to look at some articles that are on reserve in the library for Anthropology 311.
158. be on sale
W: I just saw an ad (广告) on television that said men's suits were on sale (大减价) today and tomorrow at Conrad's Men's Wear (服装店).
159. be on the right track
You are on the right track (思路正确). I just think you need to narrow the topic down (缩小论题范围).
160. be on to something
摸到门道了
How's your work going?
I think this time I am really on to something.
161. be on
If I'd known you were interested in bald eagles, I'd have told you when the TV documentary was going to be on.
162. be out of earshot
超出能听到的距离
M: Hey, John. John.
W: Save your breath (省口气吧)! He's out of earshot.
163. be out of it
M: Pete's really out of it (魂不守舍) these days.
W: Yeah, I know. Ever since he met Ann, he's been in another world.
164. be out of one's mind
He's got to be out of his mind失去理智.
165. be out of this world
好极了
W: Have you tried Susan's apple pie?
M: I got the last piece. And it was out of this world (此 味 只应天上有).
166. be out of tune
His violin is out of tune now.
167. be outfitted for
装备起来
Fully outfitted for work on the range牧场, a cowboy, in the days时期 of the western frontier, was covered from head to foot in a protective costume着装.
168. be parallel to
In its new position, the backbone is parallel to the floor.
169. be paved with
铺着
The sky paved with clouds as seen from an airplane also became one of her favorite motifs and the subject of her largest work作品, a 24-foot mural壁画 that she began in 1966.
170. be quite a person
I hear your older sister is on the Olympics team and on the honor's list. She must be quite a person (了不起的人物).
171. be related to
The development of the boiler is closely related to those of the steam engine, to which it is a necessary adjunct.
172. be responsive to
Elements and facilities are located on the land in functional relationships and in a manner fully responsive to the characteristics of the site and its region.
173. be restricted to
During the next three weeks admission will be restricted to限于 engineering students.
174. be second to none
During the American Revolution, Mary Goddard continued to publish Baltimore's only newspaper, which one historian claimed was second to none among the colonies.
175. be set
=be okay
What are you worried about? Just ask your professors to write letters of recommendation for you, and you'll be set.
176. be silhouetted against
以...为背景
The boy beside him, silhouetted against the sky, holds onto抓住 the coaming舱口栏板.
177. be sold out
sell all of
178. be subject to
be under the influence of
The knee is more likely to be damage than most other joints because it is subject to tremendous forces during vigorous activity.
Water isn't subject to sudden temperature changes.
179. be suited to
Engines built in the West were of a distinctive western design specially suited to western needs.
180. be swamped with
You bet! The paper will be swamped with (陷在...中) letters.
181. be synonymous with
与同义
Martha Graham and the school she has founded are virtually synonymous with the modern dance.
182. be taken away
They are taught to enter the loft through a trap and to exercise above and around the loft and gradually they are taken away for short distances in wicker baskets and released.
183. be taken by
Many writers so taken感动 by what they saw that they adopted接受 it as their home.
184. be that
no matter whether that is
For some students, these part time jobs could lead to full time work after graduation, as they may offer experience in their own field, be that finance, marketing, or even management.
185. be the case
情况如此
However, such has not been the case, at least not for the last 150 years.
186. be the rage
风行.
By the 1930's, big dance bands were the rage.
187. be through
be done
M: I just have to type this last page. Then I am through.
W: By then I'll be done, too.
188. be tied up
I've been tied up (困住) in committee meetings all week.
189. be tied up
束缚
Three-quarters of the Earth's fresh water supply is still tied up  in glacial ice
190. be tired of doing
I'm tired of eating at home.
191. be traced to
The origins of our highest accomplishments can be traced to a play impulse.
192. be trusted with
放心地赋予
But in the animal world, the homing pigeon alone can be trusted with its freedom and trained to carry out the missions that people demand.
193. be typical of
From its innermost core to its corona, the Sun has a structure typical of most star of its kind.
194. be typical of
Typical of the Vallero blankets are the five stars, reminiscent of the Saltillo blanket design.
195. be under way
By the mid-century sweeping (急剧的) changes in agriculture were well under way (正在进行) as farmers began to specialize in (专于) the raising (种植) of crops such as cotton or corn or wheat.
196. be united into
合并为
By the time that Upper and Lower Canada were united into the Province of Canada in 1841, the public debt债务 for canals was more than one hundred dollars per capita人均, an enormous sum数目for the time相对当时来说.
197. be up to sb
由sb决定
It will be up to you 由你自己to find those rooms yourself.
198. be up
I'm going to be up不睡觉 all night studying for my exam.
199. be with sb
I'll be with you (接待你) in just a minute.
200. be worth sth
M: We are thinking of taking the kids to the new aquarium (水族馆) this weekend. Do you think it's worth the trip?
201. beat doing sth
M: Did you get traveler's checks (旅行支票) to take on you vacation?
W: Yeah, they sure beat (胜过) carrying around a wallet for big bills.
210-300
202. become of
To be the fate of; happen to
The driver returned the next spring to see what had become of his cargo.
203. believe it or not
Is that math course really as hard as everybody says?
Worse, believe it or not信不信由你.
204. benefit from
受益
Three developments in United States higher education that you are benefiting from today started more than a century ago following the civil war.
205. beyond sb
令人不解
Why he's so irresponsible is beyond me
206. big sale
大减价
Did you go to the big sale at Spencer's店名 yesterday?
207. blend with
Since flounders have markings that blend with their surroundings.
208. be in bloom
The gardens are all in bloom.
with the flowers fully open.
209. boil down to
表明,归结为
They said the train won't arrive until nine.
Well, what that boils down to is yet another hour's delay in our schedule.
210. book up
W: I think I'll take my mother to that French restaurant on Main Street for her birthday.
M: I hope it's not any time soon. They are usually booked up weeks in advance.
211. border on
相邻于,近似于
Biologists long regarded it as an example of adaptation by natural selection, but for physicists it bordered on the miraculous.
212. bother with
为...而费心, 以...而烦扰
Don't bother with sleeping pills安眠药. They can actually cause worse insomnia later.
213. bounce about
到处跳
Bacteria often bounce about in the water.
214. break away from
As glaciers reach the sea, huge chunks of ice break away from them.
215. break down sth into sth
To decompose or cause to decompose chemically
从化学上分解
You also break down the oil into droplets minute enough to remain temporarily suspended in the vinegar.
216. break down
坏
Registration ought to be easier than ever this year. Unless the computer breaks down.
217. break even
打成平局, 不盈不亏, 得失相当
W: I'm worried about my jewelry business. I really thought I'd do better.
M: At least you broke even.
218. break in
To loosen or soften with use
The walk-a-thon(竞走) sounds like a perfect opportunity for me to break in my new pair of sports shoes.
219. break off
To separate or become separated, as by twisting or tearing.
To stop suddenly, as in speaking.
To discontinue (a relationship).
To cease to be friendly.
220. break one's word
She won't break her word (食言).
221. break out of sth
挣脱出来
The new university broke completely out of the old, constricted狭窄的curriculum课程.
222. break out
To develop suddenly and forcefully
The war chief led the men in fighting during occasional conflicts that broke out with neighboring villages.
223. break up
To bring or come to an end
Could a few discontented individuals arbitrarily break up the government and put an end to free government on earth?
224. break up
To separate into pieces
When comets collide with the atmosphere, they break up.
225. bring about
引起,导致,产生
Christopher, inventor of the typewriter, was gratified to witness the social revolution brought about by his invention
226. bring forth
To give rise to; produce
plants bringing forth fruit.
227. bring on
To cause to appear
brought on the dessert.
228. bring sb up to date on
I'll try to bring you up to date on (帮你赶上) what we've done.
229. bring an end to
使…结束
Progress quickly brought an end to (使…结束) the cowhand era.
230. brush away
刷去,扫除,拒绝考虑
Satires 讽刺文学brush away illusions and secondhand opinions with commonsense briskness.
231. build out
Animals usually prepare for hibernation by eating large amounts of food to build out stored fat in their bodies.
232. build up
To develop or increase in stages or by degrees
Building up your computer skills is a good preparation for lots of jobs.
233. bump into
strike, collide, meet unexpectedly
I often bump into him at the supermarket.
234. bump into
撞
You know my car hasn't been the same since I bumped  into that telephone pole (电话亭).
235. bunch up
聚成一团
When muscle tissue shortens, it also bunches up.
236. By 1863 the Northern war economy was rumbling轰鸣 along in high gear.
237. by contrast
By contrast, a popular culture is a large heterogeneous group, often highly individualistic and constantly changing.
238. by far
To the most extreme or evident degree
One of the largest in the world, the pipeline is by far the biggest and most expensive construction project ever undertaken by private industry.
239. by leaps and bounds
Very quickly
Your little nephew (侄儿) is growing by leaps and bounds.
240. by means of
With the use of; owing to
By means of this invention, messages could be sent between moving trains, and from a moving train to a railroad station and back.
241. call for
To require; demand
The partner calls for resource-managing agencies to work together.
242. call it a day
Now that we've gone through all the numbers on our list now, I guess we can call it a day.
243. call off
cancel
I was told tomorrow's meeting has been called off.
244. call upon
To order; require
Sometimes muscles are called upon to do more than simply pull in one direction.
245. came into its own
被人认识.
First 初期的settlers from the eastern United States arrived in what is now Texas that the cowhand phenomenon 现象really came into its own.
246. care for
Care for some more dessert? There is plenty of cake left.
247. carry on
To conduct; maintain
I don't know whether I should time计时 my speech now or keep on revising my notes. What do you think?
I'd carry on with what you're doing.
248. carry sth to the extreme
推向极端
If this is carried to the extreme, white crystals晶体 of salt would be left behind.
249. carry weight
有分量.
If more people join us, that would carry more weight.
250. cast off
remove, drop
The sea cucumber海参also casts off attached structures such as tentacles(动物)触须.