托福习语2
251. cast up
被抛弃
Dickinson, whose group of Quakers教友派信徒 was cast up on the coast.
252. catch my breath
喘气.
I can't even climb the stairs without having to stop and catch my breath.
253. catch on
become popular; prevail
Skateboarding caught on quickly.
254. catch on
To understand; perceive
M: I'm thinking of dropping (放弃) my swimming class. I am just not catching on (不得要领).
255. catch up on
弥补, 得到.的消息
I just hope I can catch up on all the work I've missed.
256. cater to
To attend to the wants or needs of
Moreover, as colleges ceased停止 to cater to candidates待录取的学生 for the religious ministry牧师职位.
257. change of pace
What a change of pace (步速)!
258. check on
I'm calling to check on the status状况 of my TV.
259. check out
M: I think I'll add that information to my paper.
M: You really should check it out (核对) in a reference book.
260. check out sth
To withdraw (an item) after recording the withdrawal
It seems to me I've seen that dark-haired man before.
Sure you have, he checked out our books at the circulation desk 流通部柜台yesterday.
261. check with
ask
M: Do you know anyone who has a spare bookshelf?
W: Have you checked with Marsha?
262. check with
The woman should check with the school.
263. cheer sb up
vt.高兴起来,振作起来
Why don't we go see a movie tonight? A good comedy (戏剧) might cheer you up.
264. clean out
clean the inside of sth thoroughly
265. clean out
一扫而光
Well, you cleaned out the refrigerator this time. You must have been really hungry.
266. clean sb out
To deprive completely of money or material wealth
The robbery cleaned us out.
267. clear off sth
清理
Let's get this desk in order.
Yes, it's about time we cleared it off.
268. clear up
To become clear
It's been pouring for three days now. If it doesn't clear up, I'll just have to forget about going to the beach.
269. clear out of
清理出
You must also make sure that all of your personal property财产 has been cleared out of your room.
270. cling to
To hold fast or adhere to something, as by grasping, sticking, embracing, or entwining
Rubbing a glass rod with silk will cause small pieces of dries paper to jump to the rod and cling to it.
271. close down
stop functioning or operating; shut down
272. close in
To seem to be gathering in on all sides
The problems closed in.
273. coincide with
vt.符合,一致于,与...重合
The study area usually coincides with a natural physiographic region.
274. collide with
To come together with violent, direct impact
Bacteria collide with the water molecules and are pushed this way and that (way).
275. come across
To meet or find by chance
I happened to be looking through some of my roommate's science magazines and I came across an article on phrenology (颅相学).
276. come along
make progress; grow; improve
Things are coming along fine.
To show up; appear
But he never wants to come along (出现), does he?
To go with someone else
I've got two tickets to today's game. Do you want to come along?
进行
How's your paper coming along?
277. come back
To return to or regain past success after a period of misfortune
278. come down with
To become sick with (an illness)
Every year around the holidays, like clockwork有规则地, I'll come down with something.
279. come in handy
That extra money will really come in handy管用.
280. come in
Sea cucumbers come in a variety of colors.
281. come into existence
开始存在, 成立
The relative location of a city occasionally change during the course of human history as civilizations crumble瓦解；灭亡or come into existence.
282. come into sth
He came into conflict with railroad owners.
283. come into use
Before barbed wire came into general use, fencing was often made from serrated.
284. come out ahead of sb
Trains come out ahead of trucks on environmental grounds (理由).
285. come out
M: How clumsy of me! And all of your white table cloth.
W: Hey, it will come out with soap and water.
286. come right out
直接了当说出来
Did you ever think of just coming right out and asking her?
287. come to a close
end up
By the end of the 19th century, the era of Jefferson's independent farmer had come to a close.
288. come to
渐渐
Finally people simply forgot about it and that's how it came to be lost.
They came to perceive the war as a kind of democratic crusade against southern society.
289. come up with
提出
You know, last year my department did a survey (调查) and they found out that 80% of all psychology majors were employed. That's why they came up with the program.
I'm going to be up all night trying to come up with something by tomorrow.
No one has come up with a good name for the stadium yet.
No one has come up with想出，提出 a good name for the stadium yet.
290. come up
appear unexpectedly
M: Last Monday when I was at Dr. Smith's office, I spent over an hour in the waiting room.
W: Really? Something must've come up that day.
come close
W: I am way (= far) behind my letter writing. I've got to get started.
M: Who's got time to write letters. Exams are coming up, remember?
291. commit oneself to
致力于
Cather had committed herself to the high calling of art at least twenty years before she achieved success!
292. common sight
常见的景物
Sun-bronzed晒成铜色的boys in their weather-beaten饱经风霜的 clothes were a common sight常见的景物 in New England
293. compare to
比作
In fact researching the deep ocean has been compared to flying an airplane overland, throwing down the net (撒网), and seeing what you get.
294. confer sth upon sb
To bestow (an honor)
Americans could more easily confer upon machinery a status and function similar to that of the fine arts.
295. consider sb sth
Jackson Pollock's art has been considered the pivotal manifestation of Abstract Expressionism
296. considering
鉴于,考虑到,顾及
W: I'm sorry I forgot to return your physics book last night.
M: I'll forgive you, considering (=since) the test isn't until Friday.
297. contrast with
To show differences when compared
a color that contrasted clearly with the dark background.
298. contribute handsomely to
作出可观的贡献
They contributed handsomely to the progress of aviation.
299. contribute to
导致
You may also have some bad habits that contribute to the problem.
300. converge upon
合力于
Procedures and traditions can contain conflict冲突 and channel疏导 the political energies that converge upon the lawmaking process.
301. convert A into B
Solar cells convert sunlight direct into electricity.
301-400
302. cool off
M: I feel horrible. Deborah was furious that I lost her notes. Do you think I should apologize again?
W: If I were you I'd let her cool off for a few days before I talked to her.
303. cool off
凉下来
It gets hot during the day, but it cools off very quickly at night.
304. cope with
Do you have any suggestions for coping with (处理) anxiety (焦虑)?
305. corresponding to
对应的，一致的
According to one, the camera was always fixed at a viewpoint观看位置 corresponding to that of the spectator观众 in a theater.
306. corresponds to
与相应
As many cells are specialized for generating electricity, and the strength of the shock电 it can deliver corresponds roughly to the length of its body.
307. cost a fortune
很贵
Good watercolor brushes cost a fortune, especially the larger sizes.
308. cost sb an arm and a leg
大笔钱
M: Did you see the diamond ring (钻介) Bill gave to Linda?
M: I sure did. It must have cost him an arm and a leg .
309. count for
占
The final will count for 50% of your grade in the course. The research project will count for 20%, and the mid-term 30%.
310. count on
To be confident of; anticipate
I should take them seriously about the cold, but not count too much on 信a lot of extra snow?
311. count sb in
M: I got an invitation to a financial planning seminar (研讨会). And I don't want to go alone.
W: Count me in (算上我一个). I need all the help I can get managing my money.
312. cram for sth
I stayed up all night cramming (埋头攻读) for my history exam.
313. cut back on
减低
Look, I'll be working three days a week next semester and it was either cut back on my classes or try this out (试出结果).
314. cut back
The university has cut back (削减) the number of courses.
315. cut down on sth
减少
M: Looks like I'll have to get some new jeans.
W: Well, you wouldn't have to do that if you just cut down on what you eat.
316. cut to length
The wire to make the barbs is fed into the machine from the sides and cut to length by knives that cut diagonally through the wire to produce a sharp point.
317. dart around
乱窜
Your eyes will begin to dart around乱窜 under your closed eyelids眼帘.
318. dash off
v.匆忙完成
An artist could dash off an idea in a fit of spontaneous inspiration.
319. date back to
回溯至
The development of professional sports in the United States dates back to nineteenth century.
320. date from
起源于
Before the 1850's the United States had a number of small colleges, most of them dating from colonial days殖民地时期.
321. day and night
日夜不停
I am working on my thesis论文 day and night日夜不停.
322. day in and day out
I don't know. He's been working on it day in and day out (没日没夜地).
323. depart from
Desert mammals also depart from the normal mammalian practice of maintaining a constant body temperature.
324. depend on sb to do sth
Exploitation of the powers of computers depend on one's ability to load information into them.
325. depend on
Industries depend on our government agency to monitor (监控) the accuracy of scales.
326. deprive sb of sth
被剥夺
Don't you know that people who are deprived of caffeine suffer with drug symptoms (吸毒症状), especially headaches?
327. derive from
得自, 由来, 衍生
The expansion derived from a trend toward earlier marriages and an increase in the average size of families.
328. derive sth from sb
Stars derive their energy from thermonuclear reactions that take place in their heat interiors.
329. determine to do
I'm determined to start exercising regularly.
330. devote to
The Phillips Collection in Washington, D.C., was the first museum in the United States devoted to modern art.
331. die away
grow slowly less or weaker; wither
Almost as quickly as they appeared, these small plants die away.
332. die hard
To take a long time in passing out of existence
Indeed, old attitudes died hard.
333. die of sth
More buffalo are dying of disease.
334. differ from
To be dissimilar or unlike in nature, quality, amount, or form
Stars differ fundamental from planets.
These early forms differ from adult starfish.
Nitrogen then diffuses from the lungs to the blood, and from the blood to body tissues.
335. distinguish A from B
To perceive as being different or distinct
It is difficult to distinguish one crow from another.
336. distinguish between A and B
A major application of the science of logic is to help distinguish between correct and incorrect reasoning.
337. do a story on sth
report an event
Did you see the college newspaper? They did a story on our voter registration campaign (选民登记运动).
338. do a trial run
A test, as of performance or acceptance
M: Would you like to try the new seafood (海鲜) restaurant tonight?
W: I'll have to give a presentation (演讲) tomorrow and I need to do a trial run.
339. do good
vi.对...有益,有益
Diets have to be combined with exercise to do any good.
340. do one's best
Thousands of ordinary citizens living on fixed incomes did their best to cope with rising prices.
341. do sb a favor
帮忙
My boss just did me a favor by putting me on evenings.
342. do sth over
do again
They did it over in aluminum so it wouldn't come crashing down on someone's head.
343. do the dishes
Have you asked your brother to do the dishes?
344. down the drain
To or into the condition of being wasted or lost
That's more than fifty dollars worth of meal tickets down the drain.
All of our best laid plans are down the drain.
我们所有精心布置的计划都付之东流
345. drag through the day
To pull along with difficulty the whole day
Most insomniacs (失眠者) somehow manage to drag themselves through the day.
346. drift away
漂流开去
As icebergs drift away from the polar region, icebergs sometimes move mysteriously in a direction to the wind.
347. drift off
Nobody knows where these balloons will drift off to (飘向何方).
348. drive sb crazy
逼疯
They seem nice enough, but they have a son who's driven me crazy.
349. drive sb out his mind
使…发疯
The sound of all that traffic is driving me out of my mind.
350. drop by
come
I'll drop by again on Monday or Tuesday.
W: I'm at school right now and I realized I forgot my keys at home.
M: I can just drop by your class later.
351. drop in on sb
visit
Why don't we drop in on her and find out how she is doing?
352. drop off
递交
M: I heard that Partro-Electronics is going to be holding interviews on campus next week.
W: Yeah? What day? I'd like to talk to them and drop off  my resúmé.
Mary, did you drop off the roll of film (胶卷) for developing (冲印)?
脱落
One of the special features of the starfish is that it can drop off arms as a defensive reaction, to get away from an attacker.

353. drop sb off
allow sb to get out of a car
Well, how about if I'll plan on dropping her off (开车送) at your place on my way to work, around eleven?
Where do you want me to drop you off?
354. dry up
To make or become unproductive, especially to do so gradually
The inclusion of more state employees under civil service protection dried up some of the old wells of patronage.
355. due date
until the last minute
I can't remember the due date for our final paper.
356. due to
because of
Abrasion due to daily wear alters the surface features of beads.
Painting wooden buildings helps to protect them from damage due to weather.
357. earn one's living
自谋生计
Murray's Gleaner essays published in the 1790's transcended the boundaries超越界限of her world in recognizing the need for training women to earn their own living.
358. easier said than done
说起来容易做起来难
Listen, Joe, you've already taken the exam, just forget about it.
That's easier said than done.
359. easy come, easy go
something you get quickly and easily may be lost or spent just as easily.
The general practice is best described as easy come, easy go, although there are certain group-forming tendencies倾向.
360. eat sb alive
生吃
During the spring and summer, the mosquitoes were just about to eat you alive.
361. embark on
To set out on a venture; commence
Only four years after this revelation, Mark Twain embarked on the writing of Huck Finn's utobiography.
362. en route
on the way
Dickinson's group of Quakers教友派信徒 was cast up被抛弃 on the coast near Palm Beach after they were wrecked沉船 en route from Jamaica to Pennsylvania.
363. encroach on
To take another's possessions or rights gradually or stealthily
The panda becoming an endangered species because humans have encroached on the wilderness that is essential to the animal's survival.
364. end up
finish (in a particular way or place), wind up
I'm usually miserable (难受) for a week and it ends up  ruining my holiday.
365. engage in
involve, take part
366. enroll in
To place one's name on a roll or register; sign up
An old friend of my uncle's runs a chemical engineering department there, so I'm hoping he can help me enroll in some interesting courses.
367. entitle sb to sth
To furnish with a right or claim to something
Since there are only a few small kitchens in the dorms (=dormitories), most students buy meal contracts包伙 which entitle them to twenty meals per week at any of the cafeterias.
368. every once in a while
From time to time; occasionally
Come to the movies with us. Everybody needs to take a break every once in a while (不时地).
369. every so often
At intervals; occasionally
W: Do you have to work overtime加班 on you job?
M: Every so often I do.
370. every walk of life
各行各业
371. exert a …effect
To put to use or effect; put forth
Under these pressures helium does not exert a similar narcotic麻醉性的effect.
372. fall asleep
麻木
My leg's fallen asleep!.
373. fall back on
借助于
I did pretty well, but I had to fall back on my dictionary occasionally.
374. fall in step with
To take one's place in a military formation
It appeared that Canada was once more falling in step with the trend toward smaller families that had occurred all through the Western world.
375. fall into
begin
Eventually the road fell into disuse (不用) as a major railway was completed.
belong to
The common broadleaf (阔叶) trees we have on campus fall into this category (类别).
376. far from
not at all
W: I see a new bookstore has just opened on Main Street.
M: It may be a new store, but the books are far from new.
377. far from it
远非如此!
378. fatten up
To make plump or fat
The mother fattens herself up on this extra prey (猎物), and stores the nutrients (营养) in her extra unfertilized (未孵化的) eggs.
379. feed on
live on
But then how do the young get nourishment? They start to feed on one another.
Ordinarily tigers feed only on other wildlife, but in rare instances, they attack humans.
The grasslands of all continents support populations of grazing animals feed on the grasses.
380. feel disgusted with
Profound aversion excited by something offensive
I just felt disgusted with myself for wasting so much time.
381. feel like doing sth
She doesn't feel like going out.
382. feel under the weather
Somewhat indisposed; slightly ill
M: It's good to see you, Mary. How've you been?
W: Actually, I've been feeling under the weather recently.
383. feel up to
感到可以
Roger was feverish yesterday. I'm not sure if he feels up to attending today's meeting.
384. figure out
come to understand by thinking
But if there's a blizzard (大风雪), I'll give you a call and see if we can figure something else out.
385. fill in for sb
To act as a substitute; stand in
Roger was feverish yesterday. Can someone fill in for him?
386. fill out
填补
Children should have their knowledge filled out by examining the complex environment in which these creatures动物 actually live.
Fill out their knowledge by examining the complex environment.
387. fill one's shoes
To assume someone's position or duties
M: Have you heard that Professor Jones is retiring.
W: Yes, the faculty (学院) won't find anyone to fill her shoes.
To complete a form by providing required information
Fine, just fill out this form. Someone will be with you in a moment.
Fill out their knowledge by examining the complex environment.
388. fill sb in
事后补告
Can you fill me in on what we're doing for art history?
389. fill the vacancy
He is trying to help the woman find someone to fill the vacancy.
390. fill up
装满；填满
Enough rain couldn't have reached the earth to fill up the ocean.
The class is filled up.
391. find application in
获得应用
Statistical methods have found wide application in the psychological testing field and in the studied of human behavior.
392. find one's way to some place
In their training flights or in actual races, the birds are taken to prearranged distant points and released to find their way back to their own lofts.

393. find out about
To ascertain (something), as through examination or inquiry
 Well, perhaps I should find out more about this stress management course.
The woman should find out if she can reserve a table.t
I probably should have found out if you like spicy (辛辣的) food.
394. finish up
做完，完成
What's happening with the new library building?
The work crew is just finishing it up.
395. first thing first
other things must wait until the most important and necessary things are done.
M: We'd better make sure we do a good job on our experiment first.
W: Yeah. First thing first.
396. fit into
适应; 协调
The highest terrestrial地上的 mountain, Mount Everest would fit into the deepest part of the ocean, the Mariana Trench.
397. fit in with
与...适应,与...一致
People found ways to improve their lives by trying to make nature fit in with their way of life.
398. fit in
find a time to do sth
M: When are you going to have your eyes checked?
W: I had to cancel my appointment. I couldn't fit it in.
适合
I'm having trouble fitting into my jeans.
399. fit sb in
安排进
Hello, could you fit me in for an appointment today?
400. fit the bill=fill the bill
to be just what is needed; be just right
The boss was worried about hiring a deaf boy, but after he tried Tom out for a few weeks, he said that Tom filled the bill.
401. flock to
拥到
So many spectators观众 flocked to the farm to catch a glimpse of Mrs. Stowe.
401-500
402. fly sb out to some place
send sb by plane
My company is flying me out to Hawaii on business next week.
403. catch a glimpse of
Many spectators flocked to拥到the farm to catch a glimpse of Mrs. Stowe.
一瞥.
404. follow one's lead
步其后尘
Following his lead, musicians dusted off long-abandoned accordions to perform and record traditional-style Cajun music.
405. follow suit
To do as another has done; follow an example
In Canada, Queen's University was the first to admit women into degree programs学位课程, and the University of Toronto followed suit eight years later in 1884.
406. for a change
I think I'd like a cup of tea for a change (换换口味).
W: I'm really looking forward to the picnic tomorrow.
M: If we are lucky, we'll have some sun this year for a change.
407. for good measure
in addition to the required amount
408. for one thing
首先
To tell you the truth, I've been very worried about our final examinations next month. For one thing, I can't sleep.222
409. for the life of sb
无论如何
I can't for the life of me get that washing machine downstairs to work.
410. for the sake of
缘故
So you'll be taking courses just for the sake of learning.
411. for the time being
Well, how about if, for the time being, I'll plan on dropping her off (开车送) at your place on my way to work, around eleven?
412. from afar
from a great distance
413. from place to place
各地
The salinity含盐量 of ocean waters is found to vary only slightly from place to place.
414. frown upon
To express (disapproval, for example) by wrinkling the brow, disapprove of
Mary frowned on the use of so much salt in the food.
415. fuse A with B
合并；结合
The Waste Land fused poetic traditions with elements of modern music and language.
416. gather one's wits
Well, we've still got 20 minutes to gather our wits定神together.
417. gear to
vt.把...连到...上,使...适应
Tomorrow you'll begin training in a first aid system that gears specifically to (适合于) the outdoors.
418. get a good feel
Also, beginning students can get a good feel 感觉for what they can do with textures 质感by working with acrylic paints.
419. get a lift
M: Your cousins just called. They're stranded (搁浅) at the beach (沙滩).
W: So they didn't manage to get a lift (搭便车) after all.
420. get a ride with sb
Could I get a ride with you (搭你的便车) to the concert tonight?
421. get along
M: Can you believe the way Larry was talking to his roommate? No wonder they don't get along.
422. get around
To travel from place to place
It is hard to get around without a car.
It's really tough getting around without a car when you live off campus.
423. get around to doing sth
抽出时间处理
I haven't gotten around to sharpening your knife yet.
424. get away with sth
 To break free; escape punishment
He can't get away with that!
425. get by
manage
I stayed up all night熬夜 studying for the test.
How do you get by with so little rest is a mystery神秘 to me.
426. get in shape
be in a good state of health
You can't just start climbing without any training. You have to get in shape, learn how to use the ropes, the belts, the buckles (扣)-there's a lot of preparation first.
427. get in touch with sb
联系
I'll ask Ken to get in touch with you later today.
428. get in
M: Hey, Lisa. Has Professor Smith returned my call yet?
W: I just got in a little while ago myself.
429. get it made
make it, succeed
M: If you could, would you trade places with your sister?
W: Yeah, she's got it made
430. get it straight
solve
Make sure you get it straight now.
431. get lost
lose one's way
I hear you got lost on your way to the meeting at the hotel.
432. get moving
出发
Yeah, but we'd better get moving.
433. get nowhere with
To make no progress
I'm getting absolutely nowhere with these physics problems.
434. get off on the wrong foot
to make a bad start
We haven't really met them, yet, except to say a quick hello. I hate to get off on the wrong foot.
435. get off the ground
to make successful beginning
How did your talk with Henry go?
It never really got off the ground.
436. get on one's nerves
to make you nervous
My roommate has a very short memory (记性不好), and it really gets on my nerves (让我生气) sometimes.
437. get over
M: Weren't you going to find out from the registrar登记员 if you have enough credits to graduate next semester?
W: You're right. I'd better get over there.
438. get rid of
To free from
I'm amazed that you are still driving that old car of yours. I thought you would have gotten rid of it years ago.
439. get round to
抽出时间处理
I've been meaning to get my eyes checked. I just haven't gotten round to it yet.
440. get settled
Just remember how hectic (忙乱) your freshman year was. Give him a chance to get settled.
441. get started
Before we get started, I'd like to thank everyone for coming down to the lake today.
I wanted to get started as soon as possible.
442. get sth out of the way
清除掉
I'd love to, if I can get this reading out of the way.
443. get sth under control
M: Look at all the pollution going into the air from those factories. Do you think they'll ever get that under control?
444. get sth up
Don't get your hopes up.
445. get stuck
To be at or come to a standstill
If you get really stuck, remember: I'm only a phone call away (我不过一个电话之遥).
It's raining hard outside, and I am stuck without an umbrella.
446. get the light
turn off the light
Would someone get the light, please?
447. get through
finish
I had a hard time getting through this novel.
448. get time off from sth
从...中抽出时间
Ron was able to get time off from work to send the postcard.
449. get to sb
To influence or affect, especially adversely
M: That leaking (漏水的) faucet (龙头) is starting to get to me.
450. give birth to
Every thousand women aged fifteen to forty-four gave birth to about 118 live children in 1920.
Some snakes lay eggs, but others give birth to live offspring.
451. Give sb a break
give a chance to sb
Give me a break. I am just so nervous
452. give off
To send forth; emit
A radio telescope is an instrument that collects and measured faint radio waves given off by objects in space.
Leaves give off oxygen.
To protect themselves from this competition, some shrubs give off a substance释放出一种物质 that kills young plants that sprout发芽 too close to them.
Trains give off (排放) only one tenth to one third the pollution that is emitted (排放) by trucks.
453. give out
To stop functioning; fail
M: I hear you did some serious shopping this past weekend.
W: Yep. The speakers (喇叭) from my old stereo (音响) finally gave out and there was no way to repair them.
454. give rise to
cause
The dependence on motor vehicles has given rise to major environmental problems.
455. give sb a hand
help sb
David, can I give you a hand with one of those grocery (菜) bags?
Let me give you a hand.
You could ask Mary to give you a hand.
456. give sb a ride
take sb by one's car
Do you think you could give me a ride to the library tonight?
I forgot to ask if you could give me a ride to school tomorrow.
457. give sb a ring
call sb
W: You know, Sally was supposed to meet us here an hour ago. Maybe we should give her a ring.
458. give the benefit of the doubt
to believe one person is innocent rather than guilty when you are not sure.
 Over the decades Peary was given the benefit of the doubt.
459. give up on doing sth
cease to do or perform
I'd almost given up on finding it until I checked it at the lost-and-found at the information desk.
Don't give up yet. The forecast said the clouds should clear up by mid-morning.
I'd never give up my apartment.
460. give way
sink
The pipeline would give way under the pressure.
461. give way to
fall, breakdown, be replaced by, disappear, yield
As her focus changed, the love poetry that Edna St. Vincent Millay produced in the 1920's increasingly gave way to poetry dealing with social injustice.
Beyond a depth of around 2,900 kilometers, a great change takes place and the mantle gives way to the core.
Folk-made objects give way to their popular equivalent, usually because the popular item is more quickly or cheaply produced.
The original intent had to give way to other considerations.
462. given sth
considering
Given these factors some areas have become a treasury (宝库) of well-preserved ichthyosaur fossils.
463. glide along
To move in a smooth, effortless manner
Many bacteria can glide along over surfaces by some little-understood mechanism不详机制.
464. go about
To set about to do; undertake
Anthropologists face complex problems of analysis and synthesis when they go about the task of decrypting the culture of a group of people.
As they go about their daily business, these bacteria release volatile substances.
465. go across
I need to go across town, but the traffic is so heavy this time of day.
466. go against grains
so as to annoy or trouble, or to cause anger or dislike. Lejeune went against the grain to perform in the old, traditional style long forced underground.
467. go all out
do one's level best
However, there are certain times, especially around Thanksgiving and Christmas when the dining hall staff goes all out preparing seasonal specialties特色菜.
468. go as follows
As will be stated next
The argument for this view goes as follows.
469. go broke
to lose all of one's money.
After starting Baltimore's first newspaper, The Maryland Journal, in 1773, her brother went broke trying to organize a colonial postal service.
470. go by
act according to, judge by
W: Well, if you go by (依照) the forecast that I heard, you shouldn't put your coat and hat away quite yet.
My doctor told me I needed to go for (去做) some expensive treatment (治疗) for my injured knee (受伤的膝盖).
471. go into
to start to talk about
We'll talk about the dead mouse after dinner, Billy. Let's not go into it now.
You know the article went into that in detail.
472. go into business
deal with business
W: I've decided to apply to grad school in engineering for next year.
M: More school (还要读书)? I'm going into business for myself.