托福习语4
735. on earth
W: What on earth (到底) did you do to your eye?
736. on end
continuously (or successively)
737. on end
竖着, 连续地
W: Did Linda ever finish that introductory chapter.
M: I'm not sure. She spends hours on end rewriting it.
738. on one's way
W: Hey, don't forget to drop that book off at the library on your way home.
M: Oh, thanks for reminding me. I am on my way.
739. on one's own
independently
I'm planning to take a short leave of absence from school, so I can go there on my own.
740. on one's own terms
Newcomers to the Capitol国会山 confront not an undeveloped, pliable可随意性很强的 organization, but a traditional one that must be accepted on its own terms必须接受的现状.
741. on sale
大减价
Did you buy any of the sweaters毛衣 that are on sale?
大降价
Well, not as much as you might think. I got it on sale for 50% off.
742. on schedule
按时
He isn't on schedule with his painting.
743. on short notice
立即
Do you know anyone who would do some typing on short notice.
744. on the … scene
The biggest stars on the music scene (音乐界) appear here.
745. on the dot
准点
W: Did you and Amanda really meet at exactly five minutes to two in front of the theater?
M: Yes, we were both there on the dot.
746. on the other hand
A hot water radiator (散热器), a stove (炉子), and a forced air furnace (火炉) are all convection heaters. A quartz heater, on the other hand, heats the objects and people in the room without heating the air.
747. on the right track
想得对；做得对
She has to talk with you to make sure everything is on the right track.
748. on the strength of
On the basis of
Today, largely on the strength of evidence gathered during the voyage, nearly all earth scientists agree on the theories of plate tectonics and continental drift that explain many of the geological processes that shape the Earth.
749. once and for all
断然地, 坚决地; now and for the last time
750. once in a lifetime
千载难逢的
This tour is a once in a lifetime experience.
751. once in a while
Do you ever think of changing your major to art?
Every once in a while (=sometimes).
752. one step at a time
gradually
I'm just taking it one step at a time一点一点地做.
753. open up
How about the stationery place (文具店) that just opened up downtown?
754. order of priorities
优先顺序
It reflects这是反映很糟的 badly on the order of priorities in our society
755. originate in
The skyscraper is an architectural form that originated in the United States.
756. originate with
The art of sand painting originated with neighboring Pueblo Indians.
757. out of date
It's been a long time since I've used my schedule and I'm sure it's out of date (过时).
758. out of existence
If it were not for this faculty, they would devour all the food available in a short time and would probably starve themselves out of existence.
759. out of it
not oneself
760. out of one's wits
 out of one's mind; being crazy
The fishermen were frightened out of their wits, according to reports from that time.
761. out of order
This projector (放映机) is out of order and I need it for my presentation.
762. out of stock
W: I expected to receive the package several days ago.
M: They could be temporarily out of stock (缺货).
763. out of this world
absolutely wonderful
764. over a cup of coffee
How about reviewing the notes from class now over a cup of coffee边喝咖啡边…?
765. over one's head
It's over my head (=I don't understand it)
766. Over the years
久而久之
Over the years, rains have worn away消磨掉the rocky mantle (= layer) of the continents大陆.
767. over time
久而久之；随着时间的过去
Over time, the client develops a high level of confidence信任 in this employee.
768. over-the-counter
Haven't you ever noticed that many over-the-counter (非处方的) headache remedies (药) use caffeine as one of their ingredients (成分)?
769. owe sb one
Anyway, I really appreciate your help. I owe you one (欠你一个人情)!
770. pack up
收起
Winter's over at last. Time to pack up my gloves and boots.
771. pass around
After I discuss each one, I'll pass it around (传递) so that you could look at it more closely.
772. pass out
I've already passed out (派发) yellow papers.
773. pass sth on
The new principle was that a university was to create knowledge as well as pass it on传授.
774. pass up
let slip; miss
775. pass up
I'm sure my advisor wouldn't want me to pass up (放过) this opportunity.
776. pay off
repay
M: What a wonderful performance! The marching band has never sounded better.
W: Thanks. I guess all those hours of practice are finally paying off.
777. pay off
付清
The writers wanted a strong central government that would promote trade, protect private property, and perhaps most of all, collect taxes to pay off the United States' large war debt.
778. pay tribute to
进贡
The National Cowboy Hall of Fame pays tribute to everyone associated with the Old West.
779. per se
Of, in, or by itself or oneself; intrinsically
There's nothing wrong with diets per se.
780. persuade sb (not) to do sth
To induce to undertake a course of action or embrace a point of view by means of argument, reasoning, or entreaty
Persuade the other council members not to quit.
781. pick up sth
To acquire (knowledge) by learning or experience
M: I knew Laurie played the piano, but I didn't know she plays the guitar.
W: Neither did I. It seems she just picked it up on her own over this summer.
782. pick up
To buy
I'm going out to pick up a sandwich.
783. pick up
Janet said she'd pick up (取) the tickets for us.
784. pick up
To take on passengers or freight
M: We've got a whole hour before the Browns come by to pick us up (接).
785. piece together
拼到一起
Anthropologists人类学家have pieced together the little they know about the history of left-handedness左撇子现象.
786. plan on doing sth
M: How about going on a camping trip next week with us? We're planning on hiking (徒步) and canoeing (划独木舟) in the State Park.
787. play a part in
Barbed wire, first patented in the United States in 1867, played an important part in the development of American farming.
788. play a role
Prof. Parker, maybe you'd better find another actor to play this role. The lines are so long. Sometimes I just completely forget them.
Technology will play a key role in shaping future life-styles.
789. play bridge
I'm going over to the student recreation center to play some bridge (桥牌).
790. play any part
起作用
It is hard to imagine them playing any part起作用 in the lives of mere humans or being in any way affected by影响 the creatures that pass at their feet.
791. plough through
W: That's a pretty big book. Are you sure Fram will want to plough (耕耘=读) through that?
M: Are you kidding? She'll be through it in two days.
792. pop up
to appear suddenly or unexpectedly
It didn't take long for other magazines to start popping up.
793. pore over sth
注视, 凝视
Every time I see you, you're here in the library, poring over
794. prepare sb for sth
W: This wildlife center breeds (培育) endangered species (濒危物种) and tries to prepare them for life in the wild.
795. prior to
Preceding, before
796. prod sb into sth
To jab or poke, as with a pointed object;
To goad to action; incite
Satire serves to prod people into an awareness of truth, though rarely to any action on behalf of truth.
797. prospect for
v.勘探
In Nevada and California, Twain prospected for silver and gold without much luck, but did succeed as a writer.
798. pull everything tog6ether
To regain one's composure
Well, there's still quite a bit to do, but I'll be able to pull everything together.
799. push one's luck=press one's luck
to depend too much on luck; expect to continue to be luck
If Prof Thomason was willing to give us a three day extension延期 to finish this project作业, maybe he'll give us a few more days.
Let's not push our luck, Mary, OK?
800. push sth too far
言之过重
However, the argument that parties have not represented代表 significant differences in policy can be pushed too far.
801. put … into action
In their generous conceptions, play harmlessly and experimentally permits us to put our creative forces, fantasy, and imagination into action.
802. put an end to
to make something end; stop
Could a few discontented individuals  arbitrarily put an end to free government on earth?
801-900
803. put away
store things no longer useful
She put away the towels.
804. put down
to stop by force
At the time, Lincoln was hopeful that the slave owners would be put down forever.
805. put forth
提出
The demographic transition model (人口变化模式) was put forth by the American demographer Frank Notestein in 1945.
806. put forward
提出
In ancient times, many people believed the Earth was a flat disc. Well over 2,000 years ago, the ancient Greek philosophers were able to put forward two good arguments proving that it was not.
807. put off
delay, postpone
I've been putting it off (推迟) for days.
W: Have you started researching your paper on computer programming languages of the future?
M: To tell you the truth, I've been putting it off.
808. put on
to dress in
I suggest you put on a sweater if you feel cold.
809. put on
放
I think I'll put on放 some music now.
810. put one's finger on sth
to find exactly
You look different today, but I can't quite put my finger on what it is.
811. put out
to make angry;
I hope you are not too put out with me for stopping by Fred's on the way over here. I had to pick up an assignment.
812. put sb in charge of sth
安排人负责
Did he put anyone in charge of the fund raising?
813. put sth off
M: I'm no expert (不懂行), but that noise in your refrigerator doesn't sound good.
W: You are right. And I suppose I've put it off (推迟) long enough.
814. put together
加起来
Everyone says that this year's show is supposed to be more exciting than all the others put together.
815. put up
建立
These buildings were usually put up against cliff, both to make construction easier and for defense against enemies.
The city is going to tear down 拆those old houses and put up 建a new shopping center.
816. put up sb
to provide lodging for; furnish a room for
Where are they putting you up when you are on business in Hawaii.
817. put up
They might at least put up a sign (贴告示).
818. quite sth
I understand it's quite a place.
That article should cause quite a stir (轰动).
We have quite an assortment (分类) of both familiar and rare creatures here.
819. raise money
The annual年度 fair that the Riverbell puts on the first Saturday in June to raise money募捐 for the Riverbell hospital.
820. raise the roof
勃然大怒
I borrowed Peter's favorite pen, and now I've lost it.
When he finds out, he will really raise the roof.
821. range from A to B
Electric motors range in size from the tiny mechanisms that operate sewing machine to the great engines in heavy locomotives.
822. range from A to B
To vary within specified limits
The state of Georgia's mineral resources range from the finest marble to an assortment of unusually clays.
Major barge驳船 canals generally range from 6 to 9 feet in depth.
823. reach a decision
The committee finally reached a decision.
824. read up on sth
To study or learn by reading
You ought to read up on TV's first, and choose the make and model you want before you go to the store.
825. receive credit for sth
receive official certification or recognition
Students receive credit for work experience.
826. reduce sth to
简化为
Both parties, however, have resisted抵制 reducing these tendencies in their social, economic, and moral belief systems to a rigid ideology僵化的思想.
827. refer to sb as sth
称某人[物]为
A second theory is sometimes referred to as the Mars (火星) Theory.
828. refer to
 The man should refer to the instruction manual.
829. reflect upon
To form or express carefully considered thoughts about
The general guidelines指导原则 for representative assemblies大会 were known from reflecting upon the British experience.
830. regard as
While often regarded as the small change of civilization , beads are a part of every culture.
831. regard sb as sth
The people who used the calendars didn't regard them as art.
832. rely on sb to do sth
Bats rely on their hearing to navigate and to find food at night.
833. rely on
The drug companies rely on high accuracy scales to manufacture and package (包装) medicine.
834. respond to
Those who purchased and prepared land for residential purposes did so to create demand as much as to respond to (响应) it.
835. revert to
return to
Clearly the world cannot revert to the horse-drawn wagon.
Garden plants sometimes revert to type. 园艺植物有时会恢复其原来的野生形态。
rise and shine
升起来照耀大地
Wake up, Eric! Time to rise and shine.
836. roll about
To move forward along a surface by repeatedly turning over.
When you first drift off into slumber朦胧, your eyes will roll about a bit.
837. roll the film
放映
For years the island with its tiny resort town 度假小城of Avalon has been a haven (避风港，好去处) for campers, sitters, and swimmers, and as you'll see when we roll the film, for music lovers and dancers, too.
838. room and board
Lodging and meals purchased for a set fee
With all the money we pay for room and board, the university could hire a better food service.
They pay their internship a small stipend 补贴and give them free room and board for the summer.
839. rough and ready
not finished in detail; not perfected; rough but ready for use now
We asked Mr. Brown how long it would take to drive to Chicago and his rough and ready answer was two weeks.
840. run against
I hear Mary isn't getting much support in her running (竞选) against Steve in the election.
841. run behind schedule
late
The subway's running behind schedule .
842. run errands
vi.跑腿,办事
He needs to run errands during lunch.
843. run for sth
竞选, 赶快去请
Shirley was the first Black woman to run for the office of President of the United States in 1972.
844. run into
To encounter (something)
If you run into any problems, please feel free to drop in.
To meet or find by chance
Maybe the next time I run into (碰到) you again, it will be in the checkout (付款) line in the co-op.
845. run off
To flow off; drain away
In many areas the slope and topography (地形) of the land do not permit excess rainfall to run off into a natural outlet.
846. run out of steam
tired out, exhausted
W: Let's jog (慢跑) for another mile.
M: I'll try, but I am running out of steam.
847. run out of
exhaust, use all of
I am running out of coins (硬币) during my laundry (洗衣).
848. run parallel to
与...平行, 与...同时, 与...并联
Ordinary lines of telegraph wires usually ran along parallel to the railroad tracks.
849. rush hour
高峰时间
Wouldn't it be better to wait till after rush hour?
850. rush in
Hundreds of people rushed in (涌入), hoping to get a part of the wealth.
851. rush off
M: Hi, Ann, where are you rushing off (匆匆走) to?
W: I'm on my way to pick up the text for American History.
852. save one's breath
not bother to speak when it's useless
853. says sth
说明...有问题
M: It's hard to believe that half the class couldn't do all the exercises, isn't it, Charlie?
W: I'm afraid that says something about our physical fitness.
854. scrape off
擦去, 刮掉
M: Uh-oh. I've burned your toast. I'll put in a couple of more slices.
W: No, don't waste the bread. Just scrape off the burnt part, it will be fine.
855. seal up
封起来.
After the stock exchange collapse股灾 of 1873, the subway was sealed up封起来 and forgotten.
856. see that
保证
She'll see that I get it.
It's our responsibility to see (确保) that all the scales measure a kilogram accurately.
857. seek out
搜出, 挑出, 想获得
But by covering ourselves and by using bird puppets, the chicks are more likely to seek out other birds rather than people.
858. sell out
M: Hello, I'd like two seats for the evening show.
W: Sorry, but the performance's already sold out (卖完).
859. separate from
To the vitalist, there is a so called vital force, and this vital force is totally separate from that of energy.
860. serve as
A newspaper's political cartoons serve as capsule versions of editorial opinion.
861. set a record
The concert set a record for attendance.
862. set out
To begin an earnest attempt
Some investigators have observed that when the birds set out again next morning, those birds that did not feed well on the previous day appear to follow those that did.
863. set up
I think I've got this experiment set up准备 right now.
864. set up
Could we set up a time to talk about this project?
865. set up
During the flood of 1927, the Red Cross set up temporary shelters for the homeless.
866. set up
In Canada, the first wood pulp mill (厂) was set up in 1866.
867. set up
提出,
The Rodeo Association of America, formed in 1929, set up a point system for determining the national rodeo champions.
868. settle down
安定下来
Sometimes it takes us till mid-night just to get them to settle down again.
869. shoot up
The national debt had shot up from a modest $65 million in 1861, the year the war started, to nearly $3 billion in 1865, the year the war ended.
870. show off
behave to get admiration for oneself
871. show sb around
I was wondering if you could show her around during the day.
872. show up
显现
How would the snails show up in the photographs as they are transparent?
873. show up
出现
Jane told me she'd meet me here at the library reference desk at one o'clock, but she hadn't shown up yet.
874. shows up
显得
They spent their time studying what shows up big and bright in the heavens.
875. shut out
排斥
But as she built her repertory宝库, her own language seemed to shut out all other kinds.
876. sign up for
sign one's name to enter for sth
877. sign up for
I waited an hour to sign up for a distance learning (远程教育) course.
I'd like to sign up for (报名参加) the film selection committee.
I'm signing up for a non-credit string assemble course that meets once a week on Wednesday night (记住问题后的回答).
878. sign up
Each of you will be signing up (报名) individually
879. sketch up
M: Think you'll be able to finish sketching up the plans for the election campaign by tomorrow or do you need some help?
880. skimp on
To be stingy or very thrifty
When it comes to camping gear (设备), don't skimp on quality.
881. slip one's mind
forget
I've been meaning to get back in touch with you. It just slipped my mind.
W: Nobody told me that Bill was in the hospital.
M: Sorry. I meant to give you a call when I found out but it slipped my mind (忘记了).
882. slow down
to go more slowly than usual
If bacteria in foods are killed, decay is slowed down.
The growth in Canada's population had slowed down by 1966.
883. smooth out
消除, 使平滑
The ability of agriculture to smooth out the seasonal scarcities of wild foodstuffs had major consequences for the sizes of Native American populations in New England.
884. snap out of sth
to change quickly from a bad habit; get over sth
Harry seems to be in a bad mood today.
He'll snap out of it when he finishes his biology project this afternoon.
885. sort of
Somewhat; rather
I'm sort of upset (不安) with my brother. He hasn't answered either of my letters.
She's got some sort of conflict in her schedule.
886. sort out
v. arrange, divide, separate, systematize, assort
George O'Keeffe and other famous artists sorted him out  to take pictures of their work.
887. spare no expense
spend all the money one has
You could see they spared no expense.
888. speak of
谈到
Landscape architects still speak reverently of Olmsted's genius and foresight远见, and the sensitive敏感的 visitor can see the effects效果 he sought追求.
889. speak too soon
太武断
I guess I spoke too soon. Can I read that magazine article after you're done?
890. speed up
Newton's laws of motion assume that the total amount of spin of a body cannot change unless an external torque speeds it up or slows it down.
891. spin into sth
Fibers of hair and wool are not continuous and must normally be spun into thread if they are to be woven into textile fabrics.
892. split open
裂开
Earth's crust地壳 split open during an earthquake.
893. spread out
During the day, parties of birds will have spread out to forage over a very large area.
894. spring up
New towns sprang up (涌现) one after another.
The factory system was introduced in New Hampshire in early the 1800's and mills sprang up where rivers furnished water power and transportation.
Gorillas are the most terrestrial of the great apes because their bulky size makes it ill suited to dwelling in trees.
895. stack up
There's room to stack up the cans of coffee.
896. stand in the way
Sectional jealousies stood in the way of action by the federal government.
897. start out
Don't give up now. It always seems hard when you're just starting out.
898. stay away from
keep a distance from; not interfere with
899. stay in shape
It helps her stay in shape.
900. stay on top of sth
使我保持对项目的了解
W: I'll read you the main points of the report over the phone.
M: Great! That'll help me stay on top of the project till I'm able to come back to work.
901. stay up all night
Debra says she's going to stay up all night studying for her exam tomorrow morning.
902. step over
walk over
M: Can I open a checking account (活期存折) here?
W: I'm sorry. You'll have to step over to the manager's desk.
901-完
903. stick with
But I didn't stick with (坚持) it.
Stick with (坚持) it. I did and I learned how to swim eventually.
W: I wonder what this new flavor (风味) of ice cream tastes like.
M: I tried it last week. If I were you, I'd stick with (仍然坚持吃) an old favorite.
904. stock up on
v. lay up in store for future use
W: The supermarket down the street is selling everything half price, because they are going out of business.
M: Sounds like an ideal time to stock up on coffee.
905. stop by
I have to stop by the Lock's, the art supply store, to get some paints (颜料) for my art class.
To see a complete list of these and other available jobs, stop by our office.
906. straighten out
结清帐
M: I still owe you ten dollars from the other night.
W: Let's just straighten it out some other time.
907. straighten sth out
settle or resolve sth
908. stretch full length
伸直
The lad (boy) stretched full length by the mast桅杆 seems oblivious不在意 to the spray扑打 of the bow船头 waves.
909. strike a blow at sb
Growing unionization of public employees after 1960 struck an even more serious blow at the patronage system.