怎样理解句子之间的关系

当你理解一篇文章有困难时，很多情况下是因为对文章的整体把握不够，往往读过一遍后，仍旧不知作者所云。然而，理解整篇文章有时要依赖你对某个句子的理解。有些句子很长，句子里又有几个从句，或者有很难的语法结构，这就会引起理解上的困难。例如：
The more often I saw her，in that summer which was remarkable in so many different ways，and which will remain in my memory long after later summers have faded from my mind，the more I realised how fascinated I was by her exotic，mysterious and intriguing personality．
在这种情况下，重要的是要立刻抓住你阅读的句子结构，那就是说，要迅速辨别句子的实质（主语、谓语、宾语，这是句子的精髓）和句子中的铺张词藻（例如修饰语，从句，同位语等），在每一个句子里，这些铺张词藻会介绍更多的详情或限定概念。
文章难于理解，并不总是因为文章的大意难于理解，也并不是因为作者使用了生僻的单词，有时，一个简单的论点或叙述变得难于阅读仅仅是因为句子结构的缘故。请阅读下面几篇短文，努力抓住句子的实质，并回答问题。
The intention of other people concerned，such as the Minister of Defence，to influencethe government leaders to adapt their policy to fit in with the demands of the right wing，cannot be ignored．
1．What is the subject of"cannot be ignored"？
a）the intention
b）other people concerned
c）the Minister of Defence
d）the demands of the right wing
2．The intention of other people concerned is ________ ．
a）to influence the government leaders
b）to adapt their policy
c）to fit in with the wishes of the right wing
d）that they should not be ignored
One way of deciding what to do when you have difficulty in choosing the best course of action is to toss a coin．
3．What is the subject of the verb"is"？
So although the weather was very changeable，and in some cases caused us serious inconvenience，on the whole our holiday，which we had planned in great detail several months before，turned out to be satisfactory．
4．This sentence consists of a basic sentence of seven words．Can you point it out？
Arthur was not sure which way to go，for he had been left alone by his friends，and， when an old man came along the road accompanied by a little boy，said"Excuse me， sir"？
5．Who said"Excuse me，sir"？
The really important point is that because he did not invite the one man he certainly should have asked，his father was furious．
6．Who was furious？
The quite unusual alarm with which Mrs Smith，who was generally a calm person，received the news of the change of plans convinced me that there must be something seriously wrong．
7．Who or what convinced me that there must be something seriously wrong？
a）Mrs Smith's alarm．b）Mrs Smith．c）The news of the change of plans．d）The change of plans．
Mostly because of inflation，but also because taxes have been creeping upward，the actual buying power that people have been getting from the money in their paychecks has declined by nearly 4％over the past twelve months．
8．Write out the core of the sentence．
One of the major reasons photo collecting has flowered only recently was the realization that a photograph，unlike a painting or a drawing，can be reproduced forever，as long as the negative exists．
9．What is the subject of"was"？
Any member who has not paid his subscription by the end of the month following the month in which his subscription becomes due for payment shall，unless he has been previously exempted from payment under rule 16，or unless he can show good reason why his subscription should not be paid，be expelled from the club．
10．What is the core of the sentence？Notice how the further details qualify the idea conveyed by the core of the sentence．
句子常常变得很长和复杂是因为使用了关系代词或者使用了带有关系代词的介词。例如：
No one could have expected that this writer， who had spent more than half of his life attacking the cynical and self-interested way in which his country exploited its colonies， would change so far in his later years as to become a member of the government and a passionate supporter of colonialism．
在英语中有时省掉了关系代词，这就使得在第一次阅读时句子不容易理解，另外一个问题是分词的使用而不使用完整的从句，这就容易混淆，因为一些过去分词看上去就像过去时态。请阅读下面几篇短文并回答后面的问题。
The film she told me about and advised me to see when we met the other week at-I think-Celia's party turned out to be very dull．
11．What was dull？
12．Which sentence is an attributive clause？
13．Which relative pronoun is left out in the attributive clause？
It must not be forgotten that the willingness with which a person will move from the house where he has lived all his life and settle in an old people's home is an important factor in planning for the aged．
14．What is an important factor？
On the ship there was a millionaire，the exact size of whose fortune was a frequent subject of discussion among the other passengers．
15．Which noun is the subject of the second"was"？
How lovely they looked now，sitting there，the light shining on their white heads， their time-winkled faces smiling at the memories of the years，caught and held forever in the scrapbooks．
16．What is the function of the past participle phrase"caught and held forever in the scrapbooks"？
一些单词如"if"，"supposing"，"assuming"，"provided that"，"unless"，或者否定词如"no"，"hardly"，"scarcely"等这些词并不总是像名词、动词、形容词那样给人印象深刻，特别是在一些又长又复杂的句子里很容易被忽视，但它们对句子的理解有很深的影响。请阅读下面几篇短文，注意这些词，并回答后面的问题。
Devaney's policy is one that has always appealed to the great mass of the public，and there is absolutely no doubt that he will become president at the next election（assuming he decides to offer himself as a candidate）with a very large majority．
17．Is it certain that Devaney will be the next president？Why？
He said that he certainly would not pay me the money I asked for unless I categorically refused to see Gromek again．
18．If I see Gromek again，will I get the money？
I do not think anything could possibly be more likely to upset me，all things considered， than the idea of not going mountain-climbing this summer．
19．Do I want to go climbing？
If I had realised what he had in mind，I would hardly have let him know that I had not the least intention of going to Essex．
20．Did I tell him I did not want to go to Essex？
Not only does she not enjoy listening to people talking about philosophy，but she is also inclined to get very irritated by any conversation which is not directly connected with herself．
21．Does she prefer conversation about philosophy or about herself？
The general then added，"the only reasonable solution to the sort of problem caused by current unstable political situation is one of diplomacy and economic measures and not use of military force．"
22．What type of solution does the general support？
Key:
1.a) 2.b) 3.One way. 4.Our holiday turned out to be satisfactory. 5. Arthur. 6. His father. 7.a) 8. The actual buying power has declined by nearly 4%. 9. One of the major reasons. 10.Any member shall be expelled from the club. 11. The film. 12. She told me about and advised me to see when we met the other week at Celia's party. 13. which/that 14. The willingness. 15. The exact size of whose fortune. 16. The past participle "caught and held forever in the scrapbools" modifies "the memories of the years".17.No. Because it is not certain if he'll take part in the next election.18. No, I will not get the money. 19.I want to go climbing. 20.Yes,I did. 21. She prefers conversation about herself. 22. One of diplomacy and economic measures.