2004年6月四级B卷真题原文及答案

    Part II Reading Comprehension （35 minutes）
    Directions： There are 4 passages in this part.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements.For each of them there are four choices marked A）， B）， C） and D ）。 You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
    Passage OneQuestions 11 to 15 are based on the following passage.
    Sign has become a scientific hot button.Only in the past 20 years have specialists in language study realized that signed languages are unique - a speech of the hand.They offer a new way to probe how the brain generates and understands language,and throw new light on an old scientific controversy： whether language,complete with grammar， is something that we are born with,or whether it is a learned behavior.The current interest in sign language has roots in the pioneering work of one rebel teacher at Gallaudet University in Washington， D.C.， the world's only liberal arts university for deaf people.
    When Bill Stokoe went to Gallaudet to teach English,the school enrolled him in a course in signing.But Stokoe noticed something odd ： among themselves,students signed differently from his classroom teacher.
    Stokoe had been taught a sort of gestural code， each movement of the hands representing a word in English.At the time， American Sign Language （ASL）was thought to be no more than a form of pidgin English （混杂英语）。 But Stokoe believed the "hand talk" his students used looked richer.He wondered ： Might deaf people actually have a genuine language ？ And could that language be unlike any other on Earth？ It was 1955， when even deaf people dismissed their signing as "substandard".Stokoe's idea was academic heresy （异端邪说）。
    It is 37 years later.Stokoe - now devoting his time to writing and editing books and journals and to producing video materials on ASL and the deaf culture - is having lunch at a café near the Gallaudet campus and explaining how he started a revolution.For decades educators fought his idea that signed languages are natural languages like English， French and Japanese.They assumed language must be based on speech,the modulation （调节） of sound.But sign language is based on the movement of hands， the modulation of space."What I said，" Stokoe explains,"is that language is not mouth stuff- it's brain stuff."
    11.The study of sign language is thought to be .
    A）an approach to simplifying the grammatical structure of a language
    B）an attempt to clarify misunderstanding about the origin of language
    C）a challenge to traditional views on the nature of language
    D）a new way to look at the learning of language
    12.The present growing interest in sign language was stimulated by .
    A）a leading specialist in the study of liberal arts
    B） an English teacher in a university for the deaf
    C）some senior experts in American Sign Language
    D） a famous scholar in the study of the human brain
    13.According to Stokoe,sign language is .
    A）an international language
    B）a substandard language
    C） an artificial language
    D）a genuine language
    14.Most educators objected to Stokoe's idea because they thought .
    A）a language should be easy to use and understand
    B） sign language was too artificial to be widely accepted
    C）a language could only exist in the form of speech sounds
    D）sign language was not extensively used even by deaf people
    15.Stokoe's argument is based on his belief that .
    A）language is a product of the brain
    B）language is a system of meaningful codes
    C）sign language is derived from natural language
    D）sign language is as efficient as any other language

    Passage TwoQuestions 16 to 20 are based on the following passage.
    A is for always getting to work on time.
    B is for being extremely busy.
    C is for the conscientious（勤勤恳恳的） way you do your job.
    You may be all these things at the office,and more.But when it comes to getting ahead,experts say， the ABCs of business should include a P， for politics,as in office politics.
    Dale Carnegie suggested as much more than 50 years ag Hard work alone doesn't ensure career advancement.You have to be able to sell yourself and your ideas,both publicly and behind the scenes.Yet， despite the obvious rewards of engaging in office politics - a better job,a raise， praise- many people are still unable or unwilling - to "play the game."
    "People assume that office politics involves some manipulative（工于心计的） behavior，" says Deborah Comer， an assistant professor of management at Hofstra University."But politics derives from the word 'polite'.It can mean lobbying and forming associations.It can mean being kind and helpful， or even trying,to please your superior， and then expecting something in return."
    In fact,today， experts define office politics as proper behavior used to pursue one's own self-interest in the workplace.In many cases,this involves some form of socializing within the office environment - not just in large companies,but in small workplaces as well.
    "The first thing people are usually judged on is their ability to perform well on a consistent basis，" says Neil P.Lewis， a management psychologist."But if two or three candidates are up for a promotion,each of whom has reasonably similar ability， a manager is going to promote the person he or she likes best.It's simple human nature."
    Yet,psychologists say， many employees and employers have trouble with the concept of politics in the office.Some people， they say,have an idealistic vision of work and what it takes to succeed.Still others associate politics with flattery 奉承）， fearful that，if they speak up for themselves,they may appear to be flattering their boss for favors.
    Experts suggest altering this negative picture by recognizing the need for some self-promotion.
    16."Office politics" （Line 2， Para.4） is used in the passage to refer to .
    A）the political views and beliefs of office workers
    B） the interpersonal relationships within a company
    C）the various qualities required for a successful career
    D）the code of behavior for company staff
    17.To get promoted,one must not only be competent but .
    A）avoid being too outstanding
    B） get along well with his colleagues
    C）honest and loyal to his company
    D） give his boss a good impression
    18.Why are many people unwilling to "play the game"（Line 4， Para.5）？
    A）They are not good at manipulating colleagues.
    B） They feel that such behavior is unprincipled.
    C）They think the effort will get them nowhere.
    D）They believe that doing so is impractical.
    19.The author considers office politics to be .
    A）unwelcome at the workplace
    B）bad for interpersonal relationships
    C）an important factor for personal advancement
    D）indispensable to the development of company culture
    20.It is the author's view that .
    A）self-promotion does not necessarily mean flattery
    B） hard work contributes very little to one's promotion
    C）many employees fail to recognize the need of flattery
    D） speaking up for oneself is part of human nature

    Passage ThreeQuestions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage.
    It came as something of a surprise when Diana,Princess of Wales， made a trip co Angola in 1997， to support the Red Cross's campaign for a total ban on all anti-personnel landmines.Within hours of arriving in Angola,television screens around the world were filled with images of her comforting victims injured in explosions caused by landmines."I knew the statistics ，" she said."But putting a face to those figures brought the reality home to me； like when I met Sandra,a 13- year-old girl who had lost her leg,and people like her."
    The Princess concluded with a simple message： "We must stop landmines".And she used every opportunity during her visit to repeat this message.
    But,back in London,her views were not shared by some members of the British government， which refused to support a ban on these weapons.Angry politicians launched an attack on the Princess in the press.They described her as "very ill-informed" and a "loose cannon（乱放炮的人） .“
    The Princess responded by brushing aside the Criticisms ： "This is a distraction（干扰） we do not need.All I'm trying to do is help."
    Opposition parties， the media and the public immediately voiced their Support for the Princess.To make matters worse for the government， it soon emerged that the Princess's trip had been approved by the Foreign Office， and that she was in fact very well-informed about both the situation in Angola and the British government's policy regarding landmines.The result was a severe embarrassment for the government.
    To try and limit the damage,the Foreign Secretary， Malcolm Rifkidnd,claimed that the Princess's views on landmines were not very different from government policy,and that it was "working towards" a worldwide ban.The Defence Secretary， Michael Portillo,claimed the matter was "a misinterpretation or misunderstanding."
    For the Princess， the trip to this war-torn country was an excellent opportunity to use her popularity to show the world how much destruction and suffering landmines can cause.She said that the experience had also given her the chance to get closer to people and their problems.
    21.Princess Diana paid a visit to Angola in 1997 .
    A）to clarify the British government's stand on landmines
    B）to establish her image as a friend 'of landmine victims
    C）to investigate the sufferings of landmine victims there
    D） to voice her support for a total ban of landmines
    22.What did Diana mean when she said " …… putting a face to those figures brought the reality home to me" （Line 5， Para.1）？
    A） Meeting the landmine victims in person made her believe the statistics.
    B）She just couldn't bear to meet the landmine victims face to face.
    C）The actual situation in Angola made her feel like going back home.
    D）Seeing the pain of the victims make her realize the seriousness of the situation.
    23.Some members of the British government criticized Diana because .
    A）she had not consulted the government before the visit
    B） she was ill-informed of the government's policy
    C）they were actually opposed to banning landmines
    D）they believed that she had misinterpreted the situation in Angola
    24.How did Diana respond to the criticisms ？
    A）She made more appearances on TV.
    B）She paid no attention to them.
    C）She rose to argue with her opponents.
    D） She met the 13-year-old girl as planned.
    25.What did Princess Diana think of her visit to Angola？
    A）It had caused embarrassment to the British government.
    B）It had greatly promoted her popularity.
    C）It had brought her closer to the ordinary people.
    D）It had affected her relations with the British government.

    Passage FourQuestions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage.
    As soon as it was revealed that a reporter for Progressive magazine had discovered how to make a hydrogen bomb,a group of firearm （火器） fans formed the National Hydrogen Bomb Association， and they are now lobbying against any legislation to stop Americans from owning one.
    "The Constitution ，" said the association's spokesman， "gives everyone the right to own arms.It doesn't spell out what kind of arms.But since anyone can now make a hydrogen bomb， the public should be able to buy it to protect themselves."
    "Don't you think it's dangerous to have one in the house， particularly where there are children around ？"
    "The National Hydrogen Bomb Association hopes to educate people in the safe handling of this type of weapon.We are instructing owners to keep the bomb in a locked cabinet and the fuse（导火索） separately in a drawer."
    "Some people consider the hydrogen bomb a very fatal weapon which could kill somebody."
    The spokesman said， "Hydrogen bombs don't kill people - people kill people.The bomb is for self-protection and it also has a deterrent effect.If somebody knows you have a nuclear weapon in your house， they're going to think twice about breaking in."
    "But those who want to ban the bomb for American citizens claim that if you have one locked in the cabinet,with the fuse in a drawer， you would never be able to assemble it in time to stop an intruder （侵入者）"
    "Another argument against allowing people to own a bomb is that at the moment it is very expensive to build one.So what your association is backing is a program which would allow the middle and upper classes to acquire a bomb while poor people will be left defenseless with just handguns."
    26.According to the passage， some people started a national association so as to.
    A）instruct people how to keep the bomb safe at home
    B） coordinate the mass production of the destructive weapon
    C）promote the large-scale sale of this newly invented weapon
    D）block any legislation to ban the private possession of the bomb
    27.Some people oppose the ownership of H-bombs by individuals on the grounds that
    A）they may fall into the hands of criminals
    B） people's lives will be threatened by the weapon
    C）most people don't know how to handle the weapon
    D） the size of the bomb makes it difficult to keep in a drawer
    28.By saying that the bomb also has a deterrent effect the spokesman means that it.
    A）can kill those entering others' houses by force
    B） will threaten the safety of the owners as well
    C）will frighten away any possible intruders
    D） can show the special status of its owners
    29.According to the passage， opponents of the private ownership of H-bombs are very much worried that .
    A）the cost of the weapon will put citizens on an unequal basis
    B）the wide use of the weapon will push up living expenses tremendously
    C）poorly-educated Americans will find it difficult to make use of the weapon
    D）the influence of the association is too powerful for the less privileged to overcome
    30.From the tone of the passage we know that the author is .
    A）not serious about the private ownership of H-bombs
    B）concerned about the spread of nuclear weapons
    C）doubtful about the necessity of keeping H-bombs at home for safety
    D）unhappy with those who vote against the ownership of H-bombs
    Part III Vocabulary （20 minutes）
    Directions： There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part.For each sentence there are four choices marked A ）， B）， C） and D）。 Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence.Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
    31.This is not an economical way to get more water ；， it is very expensive.
    A）or else
    B） in short
    C）on the contrary
    D） on the other hand
    32.First published in 1927,the charts remain an source for researchers.
    A）intelligent
    B） indispensable
    C） inevitable
    D）identical
    33.You should try to your ambition and be more realistic.
    A）restrain
    B）retain
    C）reserve
    D） replace
    34.There is a of impatience in the tone of his voice.
    A）dot
    B）hint
    C）notion
    D）phrase
    35.Deserts and high mountains have always been a to the movement of people from place to place.
    A）jam
    B） barrier
    C） fence
    D） prevention
    36.Joe is not good at sports,but when it mathematics， he is the best in the class.
    A）comes up to
    B）comes around to
    C）comes to
    D）comes on to
    37.Please dictionaries when you are not sure of word spelling or meaning.
    A）search
    B）seek
    C）inquire
    D） consult
    38.Critics believe that the control of television by mass advertising has the quality of the programs.
    A）affected
    B）effected
    C）lessened
    D）declined
    39.She keeps a supply of candles in the house in case of power .
    A）drop
    B）lack
    C）failure
    D） absence
    40.For more than 20 years， we've been supporting educational programs that from kindergartens to colleges.
    A）spread
    B）shift
    C） move
    D）range
    41.I was so in today's history lesson.I didn‘t understand a thing.
    A）confused
    B）neglected
    C） amused
    D）amazed
    42.I must congratulate you the excellent design of the new bridge.
    A）with
    B）at
    C）on
    D）of
    43.Now that spring is here,you can these fur coats till you need them again next winter.
    A）put over
    B）put off
    C） put down
    D）put away
    44.I went along thinking of nothing only looking at things around me.
    A）in brief
    B）in doubt
    C）in harmony
    D）in particular
    45.In order to make things convenient for the people,the department is planning to set up some shops in the residential area.
    A）flowing
    B） mobile
    C）drifting
    D）Unstable
    46.The lecture which lasted about three hours was so that the audience couldn't help yawning.
    A）tedious
    B） clumsy
    C）bored
    D） tired
    47.It you to at least 50% off the regular price of either frames or lenses when you buy both.
    A）credits
    B） entitles
    C）presents
    D）tips
    48.When carbon is added to iron in proper the result is steel.
    A）rates
    B） densities
    C） proportions
    D） thicknesses
    49.There is a fully health center on the ground floor of the main office building.
    A）equipped
    B）projected
    C） provided
    D）installed
    50.Nancy is only a sort of of her husband's opinion and has no ideas of her own.
    A）shadow
    B）sample
    C）reproduction
    D）echo
    51.Mr.Smith says： "The media are very good at sensing a mood and then it."
    A）exaggerating
    B）overtaking
    C）widening
    D）enlarging
    52.The at the military academy is so rigid that students can hardly bear it.
    A）confinement
    B） convention
    C）discipline
    D）principle
    53.Doctors warned against chewing tobacco as a for smoking.
    A）succession
    B）substitute
    C）revival
    D） relief
    54.It was the first time that such a had to be taken at a British nuclear power station.
    A）presentation
    B）preparation
    C） prediction
    D）precaution
    55.The board of the company has decided to its operations to include all aspects of the clothing business.
    A）multiply
    B）stretch
    C） lengthen
    D）expand
    56.The test results are beyond ； they have been repeated in labs all over the world.
    A）conflict
    B）dispute
    C） bargain
    D） negotiation
    57.The group of technicians are engaged in a study which all aspects of urban planning.
    A）embraces
    B）performs
    C）inserts
    D） grips
    58.that he wasn't happy with the arrangements， I tried to book a different hotel.
    A）Puzzling
    B）Penetrating
    C） Perceiving
    D）Preserving
    59.His business， was very successful， but it was at the of his family life.
    A）exhaustion
    B）consumption
    C） credit
    D）expense
    60.At yesterday's party， Elizabeth's boyfriend amused us by Charlie Chaplin.
    A）modeling
    B）imitating
    C） following
    D） copying

    Part IV Cloze （15 minutes）
    Directions： There are 20 blanks in the following passage.For each blank there are four choices marked A ）， B）， C） and D） on the right side of the paper.You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage.Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
    Historians tend to tell the same joke when they are describing history education in America.It's the one 61 the teacher standing in the schoolroom door 62 goodbye to students for the summer and calling 63 them， "By the way， we won World War II."
    The problem with the joke,of course， is that it's 64 funny.The recent surveys on 65 illiteracy（无知） are beginning to numb（令人震惊）： nearly one third of American 17-year-olds cannot even 66 which countries the United States 67 against in that war.One third have no 68 when the Declaration of Independence was 69 .One third thought Columbus reached the New World after 1750.Two thirds cannot correctly 70 the Civil War between 1850 and 1900.71 when they get the answers right， some are 72 guessing.
    Unlike math or science，ignorance of history cannot be 73 connected to loss of international 74 .But it does affect our future 75 a democratic nation and as individuals.
    The 76 news is that there is growing agreement 77 what is wrong with the 78
    of history and what needs to be 79 to fix it.The steps are tentative （尝试性的） 80 yet to be felt in most classrooms.
    61.A）in B）by C）for D） about
    62.A） waving B）nodding C） shaking D）speaking
    63.A） in B）up C）after D） for
    64.A） not B） too C） so D）rarely
    65.A）political B） cultural C）educational D） historical
    66.A）convey B）identify C）acknowledge D） distinguish
    67.A） struck B）attacked C）fought D）defeated
    68.A）doubt B） idea C）reason D）sense
    69.A） signed B）edited C）marked D）printed
    70.A）get B） judge C） place D） lock
    71.A）Thus B）So C）Though D）Even
    72.A ）just B） ever C）still D） hardly
    73.A ）shortly B） directly C）exclusively D）practically
    74.A ）community B） commitment C）comprehension D）competitiveness
    75.A ）with B） for C） as D）of
    76.A）good B）fine C）surprising D）nice
    77.A ）of B）to C） on D）with
    78.A）coaching B）teaching C）consulting D）instructing
    79.A）dealt B）done C）met D） reached
    80.A） and B） or C）as D）therefore

    Part V Writing（30 minutes）
    Directions： For this part， you are allowed 30 minutes to write a composition entitled A Brief Introduction to a Tourist Attraction.You should write at least 120 words according to the following guidelines ：
    Your role ： a tour guide
    Your audience ： a group of foreign tourists
    Your introduction should include：
    some welcoming words
    the schedule for the day
    a description of the place the tourists will be visiting
    （e.g.a scenic spot or a historical site,etc.）
    A brief introduction to a tourist attraction

2004年6月四级B卷参考答案
    阅读理解 11-15 CBDCA 16-20 BDBCA 21-25 DDCBC 26-30 DBCAB
    词汇 31-35 CBABB 36-40 CDACD 41-45 ACDDB 46-50 ABCAD 51-55 ACBDD 56-60 BACDB
    完形填空 61-65 DACAD 66-70 BCBAC 71-75 DABDC 76-80 ACBBA
    作文： [参考范文]
    A brief introduction to a tourist attraction
    Good morning， ladies and gentleman,welcome to Beijing.To begin with， I would like to introduce myself： I am the tourist guide from China Travel Service and it‘s great honor to stay here with all of you for a whole day.Just as the old saying goes ，“It is always a pleasure to greet a friend from afar ”， I wish all of you to enjoy yourselves during this trip.
    The following is schedule of the day.The first spot we are going to visit is the Great Wall， the grandest fortification in ancient China.The next sight to look around is the Ming Tombs， which is one of the best-preserved tombs for 13 emperors in Ming Dynasty more than one thousand years ago.In the afternoon， we will go for the Summer Palace,theroyal park for Chinese ancient emperors.
    Currently we are on the way to the Great Wall.Dating back to the seven century B.C.，the Great Wall is constructed by respective states for fortifying against invasion of neighboring states.By the reasons of long history and its length,it becomes one of the eight wonders in the world and represents the highest wisdom and crafts.From the top of the Great Wall,we can enjoy a magnificent view of continuous mountains,green trees and blooming wild flowers.It is no doubt that one says，“He who has never been to the Great Wall is not a true man ”。
    Above is my introduction to the Great Wall.If any of you have questions， please feel free to ask me at any time.