G类作文真题大全
v116( g类 2003.2.22日 奥克兰)
task1 u moved to a new city and go to a language school, write a letter to ur friend, about where u r living, why choose that place,ur newschool or class;
task2 gavoernment spend a large mount of money on artistic projects, agree or not), s-discribe a popular tv programme(what type, what the age of people to watch, your feeling
V113(2003.1.31 悉尼 uts )
task 1 you have to write a report for a university lecturer ; a chart shows the number of softwood and hardwood in new south wales, australia, from 1990 to 1998,
task 2:
some people think that university should not provide theoretical knowledge, but to give practical training benefit to society.
do you agree or disagree.
use your own experience and knowledge to support your idea.
v112( g类 2003.2.22日 中国大陆)
task1:你要到新的城市的new school study english.写封信告诉你的朋友，内空必须包括：
1。介绍你住的地方
2。为什么你喜欢你住的地方
3。介绍你的学习的class
task2:政府花大量的钱在public places的painting 上面，有些人反对这样做，认为应该花钱在一些更好的地方。
do you agree or disagree?
V110(2003.2.15日 g类 中国)
task1 you lost a bag of shopping in a museum, write a letter
task2 一些公司认为员工应该经常轮换工作岗位，一些公司认为该让员工一直做他自己的工作，你的认同哪一个？
V105 (g类 2003.1.11日 中国大陆)
writing 00105
task 1:　you took a taxi in an english-speak country,. write a letter to the taxi company.
1. what happed
2. describe
3. what do you want to do (maybe?)
task 2: "instead of people get more free time, modern technology making people more busier", state your opinion
version 101(2003.2.8日 澳大利亚 g 类)
task 1, easy. do not mentain
task 2 : a period of training vs long_process education
pls fully understand the topic, many students misunderstanding the topic
the meaning is :短期培训 vs 终身教育
v100(g类 2003.1.25 中国大陆)
tast1，you attend a two-day cours，you are asked write a letter to the course orgniser。descripte detail about the cours and suggest how to improve。
tast 2：some people beleive that the bicycle is best way to travel from one plase to the other。you talk about the advantage and disadvantages of the bicycle。
V99 2003.1.18日 中国大陆)
task1:
you are goning to a different country,你已经宿舍管理处预定了宿舍，但现在情况有一些变化，请你写一封信给管理处：1、提醒管理处your booking
2、解释what is happen？
3、你的新宿舍的要求。
task 2:shopping has became a favourit pastime for many young people today.
解释这一现象
do you encourage the young people to do something be usefulin the free time?
whai is your reason?and for example.
V98
Task1: 求职信。给旅游局写信，要showing the english-speaking tourists around the local area为当地的英语游客做本地导游
Task2: 怎么看乱花钱？一些人花很多的钱在服装、做头发上，some people say it is a good way to use money, others say it is waste用你的经验说明你支持哪种观点。
Version 96 (2002.10.26北京、广州)
Task1：向房东抱怨家具有问题，你是谁/什么问题/解决方案
Task2：books, films, Internet都是信息来源，结合自己经验说说好与坏，怎么办
Version 95
People doing different kinds of work enjoy different amount of holiday time. Should people have the same amount of leisure time? Give your opinion using some of your own experience
Version94（9月更新）
写作1
You and your future wife/hasband will hold a wedding
you plan visit a English speaking friend to join
1. describe your future wife
2. tell detail activities to him
3. why you will visit him
写作2
some people think that children's lives will be different from their own.
what is your poinions?
explain the resions by your experience and examples
V93
Task1:
invite your friend to have a short time for walking on holiday.

Task2:
Working away from home for a long period of time, talking about advantage and disadvantage
Version92（G类，9月更新）
Task 1
你现在有一个walking holiday，要你邀请你的一个朋友和你一起去。把时间，地点，过程说清楚。
Task 2
Today some person have to work away fron his family,what is the advantages and disadvantages ?give your opinion and some
exaples of your experience
V91
Task1。You live in a rented apartment inside a building, You keep your bicycle on entrance hall of the building, and your neighbors complain it to the caretaker, now you write a letter to caretaker:
1. explain your situation
2. the reason you have to keep the bicycle
3. give your solution to this problem
Task2. The culture of different countries are becoming similar so there is no point for people to go traveling abroad for they could have same experience at home
agree or disagree
V90
Task1:
you want to begin your own business, you write a letter to your friend to ask him some help. you should write your business plan, explain why it is good idea and ask him for some advice or help.

Task2:
your character is strongly influenced by the place where you grew up. write in what ways can growing up in a city or growing up in the countryside influence people's character?
V89
TASK 1：你有一个朋友要来和你一起度假，但不巧你不能等他。
写一封信表示歉意，说明原因。

TASK 2：许多国家都不再穿自己民族的传统服装。有人认为这将
使他们忘记历史和传统。你同意不同意？
V87
task1:
讲租的房子的水管爆了,自己给钱修了,写封信给房东反映情况和如何处理

task2:
传统食品改变的原因和你的看法
v86
Task1：当你在加拿大时，你住在一个加拿大家庭里你回去休假了，并且不再回来了，可是你有东西丢在他们家里了，现在你决定回去。
1） 告诉他们你的决定
2） 你决定的理由
3） 如何照管你的东西
Task2：一些人认为母亲不能同时出去工作和成为一个好母亲所以政府应该付给母亲工资让她们好好在家里带孩子。你的观点，用例子和你的经验说明
V84
Task1: 你在商店遇到了些问题，是关于电梯的，写封投诉信，说明当时怎么回事，你的感觉?

Task2: 关于VIOLIANT FILMS 你有什么看法，对人有什么影响，根据你的经验说说?
Version 83(G类，九月更新)
Task 1:
you are in a local company and you want to have a training course in another city. write a letter to your boss.
give the details of the course.
explain the reason why you need to attend the course.
tell him how much time you need to take off from your work.
Task 2:
In the past, we have no computers, Internet, and ...
what is positive and negative effects of these developments
V82
Task1: 讲你昨天在公共汽车上丢了东西，你写信到公共汽车公司。要求说明:
1）发生了什么事情
2）丢了什么
3）你希望汽车公司怎么和你联系

Task2: 不久radio将会变得no use。他们终将被TV和Internet等媒体所代替，DO YOU AGREE OR DISAGREE?
V81
Task1: A neighbor burn garden rubbish , You should express your complaint , describe the effect ,How to solve the problem .Task2: Parent should limit the children time of watching TV and playing computer game , others Insister children spend reading books .
　　
Version 80
TASK1去一个地方旅游回来，向一个英国朋友介绍情况，建议他带什么东西。
TASK2不同工作的人，应该有相同的假期吗？
Task 1: You have been to a place and your friend also will go to the same place, write a letter to your friend, discribe that place, give some advice.
Task 2: Do you think people do different jobs they should have different time holiday, are you agree or disagree, give your reason and explain. 公司里做不同工作的人有不同的假期，是不是所有的雇员应该有同样的假期，不管他们做什么工作。你的观念，给出原因，举例子
Version 79
Task1: the flat u rent caught a small fire. 让你跟房东说明当时情况，你有什么东西损坏了，需要房东做什么。阐述过程;列you lost 详细物品;
Task2: Some family sent their children to foreign country for education purpose.
请谈一下：优缺点，何时是留学最佳年龄。
Version 78
task 1
You r going to London to take a training course for a month. Pls write a letter tothe local accomodation agency to prepare a flat for u. U should tell him ur information, ur requirement, when u would arrive.
task 2
Today's parents spend too little time staying with their children and use television to make their children keep quiet.explain the reason and results by using ur relevant expierence.
Version 76
task 1
大致意思为your car is hired from a company and when u are driving in holiday, there's
a small accident on it, you will have to write a report to the company to explain it
you need to explain the following statement
1、when and where you hired it
2、describe how the accident happened
3、what kind of action did you have after the accident
you do NOT to use your own address
write about 150 words
task 2
大致意思为Fashion is difficult to follow, some people say fashion is just for selling clothes,
we should not follow it and we should dress what we like and feel comfortable in it
Agree or disagree?
use any relevant example to support your idea.
write 250 words.
1: 写一封信给保险公司，告诉它们你参加了一次旅行并办了旅游保险，但是你在旅途中丢了东西，告诉保险公司丢了什么以及值多少钱，以及怎么丢的。 writing
2: 现在人们穿着越来越紧跟时尚，但是有些人却不这样，他们认为应该按自己的喜好和舒适来选择服装。你的观点。如今很多人喜欢选择非常时尚的穿着打扮，但是，这种穿着打扮并不实用；人们是否应该选择一些更加comfortable 的服装。

＊Task2
happiness is considered important to people. why are the definitions of happiness different?(大概是这样，意思就是问为什么幸福的定义如此不同和难下这个定义)
what is the factors in achieving happiness. give some examples and relavent evidence.
Happiness
1)Happiness is important in life
2)Why it is difficult to define ?
3)What factors are important in achieving happiness
Version 73
TASK1：某公司offer you一份工作，但你不能去，写封信，告诉该公司人事主管你拒绝接受，并表示感谢说明理由以及你如何喜欢你现在的工作。
TASK2：一项报告标明children are becoming lazy, fat and unsociable, give your possible causes and measures.
＊TASK 2
People use the computers when they work , go banking and , but somebody argue that it will make the people isolate and decrease social skills
To what extend do you agree OR DISAGREE？？
Version 72
task1是讲你买了财产保险,现在度假过程中丢失了东西丢了东西,要写封信给保险公司,要求是描述丢失情况,告诉他们你要他们怎么做等.
task2是现在一些人希望学生多学点general subjects,另一些人希望学生不满17岁就开始学习special subjects.问你agree or disagree. give some reason and give your relevant experience about it.
High school students should study general subjects before they are 17 years old,
to study specialist subjects before that age is too early for them. Agree or disagree
＊Task 2
people use computer in shop,bank...without leaving home.someone think it is danger because it may make people isolate and lose the social skills to live with others.to what extend do you agree or disagree this opinion?
应该给小孩子适当的惩罚,你多大程度上同意.这么老的题目还考,真不知道他们是怎么想的
Version 71/14
TASK 1 ：给一个depart store写信应聘工作，说明你为什么写这封信，你的资历，应聘什么职位。
write a letter to apply a position in a local department store; include: what
position? your experience and related ability?
TASK２：在２１世纪奥林匹克运动存在没有意义，２００４年以后应该停止举行奥林匹克运动会。 TASK2 题目有点怪。有人说OYLMPIC GAME 不再有什么地位，2004年将是最后一次，同意与否。
someone think that olympic games will not play a role in 21st century, and think the 2004 game should be the last one.
agree or disagree?
Version 68
TASK 1.You took your family had a good meal in a local restaurant. Write a letter to the newsper to tell about it, describ the meal you had, and why you think the restaurant is worth for other people to visit.
TASK 2.Choose an invertion, telephone or computer, and tell how it has changed our life. Are the changes all possitive or negative? 并提出例子或你的经历来说明.
Version 67
写作一个是抱怨住得附近你家对面有一个小公园有年轻人老让自己得狗随便跑，危险，向council投诉。
You live in a house opposite to a small park. Every evening a young man bring 2 large dogs and let them free. Write a letter to the city council and describe the situation, tell them it is dangerous and reason. Then tell them what action should be done.
第二个是说青年如何选择自己得职业，应该听谁的意见，从那里寻找信息？谈谈你的看法、
how to decide future career
what is the important
young people choose career, whose opinion and what kind of information do you think important?
Give reasons and examples
同意？

Version 66
TASK 1写信给RESTAURANT要求一房间给朋友办birthday PARTY，时间，有什么其他要求。包括人数、时间、要求等
TASK2，TEENGERS SPENDING TOO MUCH TIME ON WATCHING TV AFFECT THRIE HUMAN RELATIONSHIP，YOUR OPINION。每周花40小时在television and video上，而只有8小时在与家人交流上。有人说这影响了他们能力
Vers Version 63 (南京9.22)
Task 1:你发现电话帐单错了,写信给电话公司
1. 解释问题
2. 抱怨
3. 希望他们做什么
Task2: 现在有很多二十岁以下的青年去上学或工作,你怎么看待这种sudden independence,同意不
version 53
Task1 你收到了暑期打工的报酬，但是比答应的报酬少。请你给单位的经理写一封信，写明：
l 说明你的工作内容和工作了多长时间。
2 解释所发生的问题。
3提出你的解决要求。
Task2 在一些国家父母可以体罚孩子；而在另一些国家，这样的行为是违法的。结合实际情况谈谈你的看法。 结论：属于很普通的题，没有问题。
Version 46
Task1:You stay with a local family when you attended a training program in New Zerland. You returned to your home country in a hurry and found that you had left your laptop computer in the family. Write a letter to the family, thanking them for their hospitality. Describe your computer and where it is and ask the host to send it back to you.
Task 2:Some say that it is good for children to stay away from their families and go to boarding school. Others say that children had better live with their families and attend a day school. What do you think about it?
Version 25
task1 因为没能去旅游所以索要旅行保险。explain类型
task2 中学生17岁前应该先学尽量多的general subjects然后再学习special subject。agree or disagree
Version 11
Task 1 is a reference letter for your friend to work with foreign teenagers. Describe his or her character and why you recommend her.
I think, if you practice more writing before the test, especial those topics that are given by JIAHUA, writing will not be a big problem.
Task 2 In most part of the world, the volume of traffic is growing at an alarming rate.
In the form of an assignment, discuss about the main traffic problems in your country, their causes and possible solutions. This one is among the 15 topics that JIAHUA has laid emphasis on (No 31)