IELTS ‘Ã‚—˘±æ
General Training Writing

Writing Task 1

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task

You rent a house through an agency. The heating system has stopped working. You phoned the agency a week ago but it has still not been mended.

Write a letter to the agency. Explain the situation and tell them what you want them to do about it.

You should write at least 150 words.

You do NOT need to write your own address.

Begin your letter as follows:

Dear.......................,

Writing Task 2

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

As part of a class assignment you have to write about the following topic.

Some businesses now say that no one can smoke cigarettes in any of their offices. Some governments have banned smoking in all public places.

This is a good idea but it takes away some of our freedom.

Do you agree or disagree?Give reasons for your answer

You should write at least 250 words.


General Training Reading

Read the passage on Daybreak trips by coach and look at the statements below.

On your answer sheet write:

TRUE - if the statement is true

FALSE - if the statement is false

NOT GIVEN - if the information is not given in the leaflet

1. Millers Coaches owns Cambridge's Cambus fleet.

2. Premier is an older company than Millers.

3. Most of the Daybreak coaches are less than 5 years old.

4. Daybreak fares are more expensive than most of their competitors.

5. Soft drinks and refreshments are served on most longer journeys.

6. Smoking is permitted at the rear of the coach on longer journeys.

7. Tickets must be bought in advance from an authorised Daybreak agent.

8. Tickets and seats can be reserved by phoning the Daybreak Hotline.

9. Daybreak passengers must join their coach at Cambridge Drummer Street.

10. Daybreak cannot guarantee return times.

FROM CAMBRIDGE AND SURROUNDING AREA

SPRING IS IN THE AIR

Welcome to our Spring Daybreak programme which continues the tradition of offering unbeatable value for money daytrips and tours. All the excursions in this brochure will be operated by Premier Travel Services Limited or Millers Coaches; both companies are part of the CHL Group, owners of Cambridge's Cambus fleet.

WE'RE PROUD OF OUR TRADITION

Premier was established in 1936; the Company now offers the highest standards of coaching in today's competitive operating environment. Millers has an enviable reputation stretching back over the past 20 years, offering value for money coach services at realistic prices. We've travelled a long way since our early days of pre-war seaside trips. Now our fleet of 50 modern coaches (few are more than five years old) operate throughout Britain and Europe but we're pleased still to maintain the high standards of quality and service, the trademark of our founders nearly sixty years ago.

EXCLUSIVE FEATURES

Admission inclusive fares

All Daybreak fares (unless specifically otherwise stated) include admission charges to the attractions, shows and exhibits we visit. Many full day scenic tours are accompanied by a fully trained English Tourist Board 'Blue Badge' guide or local experienced driver/guide. Some Daybreaks include lunch or afternoon tea. Compare our admission inclusive fares and see homuch you save. Cheapest is not the best and value for money is guaranteed. If you compare our bargain Daybreak fares beware - most of our competitors do not offer an all inclusive fare.

SEAT RESERVATIONS

We value the freedom of choice, so you can choose your seat when you book. The seat reservation is guaranteed and remains yours at all times when aboard the coach.

NO SMOKING COMFORT

With the comfort of our passengers in mind, coaches on all our Daybreaks are no smoking throughout. In the interests of fellow passengers' comfort, we kindly ask that smokers observe our 'no smoking' policy. On scenic tours and longer journeys, ample refreshment stops are provided when, of course, smoking is permitted.

YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWERED

Do I need to book?

Booking in advance is strongly recommended as all Daybreak tours are subject to demand. Subject to availability, stand-by tickets can be purchased from the driver.

What time does the coach leave?

The coach departs from Cambridge Drummer Street (Bay 12, adjacent to public toilets) at the time shown. There are many additional joining points indicated by departureodes in the brochure. If you are joining at one of our less popular joining points, you will be advised of your pick up time (normally by telephone) not less than 48 hours before departure. In this way, we can minimise the length of pick-up routes and reduce journey times for the majority of passengers.

What time do we get back?

An approximate return time is shown for each excursion. The times shown serve as a guide, but road conditions can sometimes cause delay. If your arrival will be later than advertised, your driver will try to allow for a telephone call during the return journey.

Where can I board the coach?

All the Daybreaks in the brochure leave from Cambridge Drummer Street (Bay 12, adjacent to public toilets) at the time shown. Many Daybreaks offer additional pick-ups for pre-booked passengers within Cambridge and the surrounding area. This facility must be requested at the time of booking