新题型简介Speaking
ietls新题型简介 Speaking (from 1 July 2001)

Speaking (from 1 July 2001)

The Speaking Module takes between 11 and 14 minutes. It consists of an oral interview between the candidate and an examiner.

There are three main parts. Each part fulfils a specific function in terms of interaction pattern, task input and candidate output.

In Part 1 the candidate answers general questions about themselves, their homes/ families, their jobs/studies, their interests, and a range of similar familiar topic areas. This part lasts between four and five minutes.

In Part 2 the candidate is given a verbal prompt on a card and is asked to talk on a particular topic. The candidate has one minute to prepare before speaking at length, for between one and two minutes. The examiner then asks one or two rounding-off questions.

In Part 3 the examiner and candidate engage in a discussion of more abstract issues and concepts which are thematically linked to the topic prompt in Part 2. The discussion lasts between four and five minutes.

All interviews are recorded on audio cassette.

The overall structure of the test is summarised below.

Part

Nature of interaction

Timing

Part 1

Introduction and interview

Examiner introduces him/herself and confirms candidate's identity.

Examiner interviews candidate using verbal questions selected from familiar topic frames.

4-5 minutes

Part 2

Individual longturn

Examiner asks candidate to speak for 1-2 minutes on a particular topic based on written input in the form of a general instruction and content-focused prompts. Examiner asks one or two questions to round- off the long turn.

3-4 minutes

(incl. 1 minute preparation time)

Part 3

Two-way discussion

Examiner invites candidate to participate in discussion of more abstract nature, based on verbal

questions thematically linked to Part 2 topic.

4-5

minutes

The Speaking Module assesses whether candidates can communicate effectively in English.

Detailed performance descriptors have been developed which describe spoken performance at the nine IELTS bands on four analytical subscales: Fluency and Coherence; Lexical Resource; Grammatical Range and Accuracy; and Pronunciation. Scores are reported as whole bands only.

The examiner is a qualified teacher and certificated examiner appointed by the test centre and approved by The British Council or IELTS Australia.

Example Part 2

Describe a teacher who has greatly influenced you in your education.

You should say:

where you met them

what subject they taught

what was special about them

and explain why this person influenced you so much.

You will have to talk about the topic for 1 to 2 minutes.

You have one minute to think about what you are going to say.

You can make some notes to help you if you wish.