考生自命备考作文题
一、
Which do you think is preferable? Use specific examples to support your preference (write 300 words):

1.Some high schools require all students to wear school uniforms. Other high schools permit students to decide what to wear to school.

2.You have been told that dormitory rooms at your university must be shared by two students. Would you rather have the university assign a student to share a room with you, or would you rather choose your own roommate?

3.Some people believe that the best way of learning about life is by listening to the advice of family and friends. Other people believe that it is through personal experience.

4.Some people believe that university students should be required to attend classes. Others believe that going to classes should be optional for students.

5.Some people enjoy change, and they look forward to new experiences.Others like their lives to stay the same, and they do not change their usual habits.

6.Some people prefer to spend time with one or two close friends.Others choose to spend time with a large number of friends.
7.Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults. Other people think that friends are the most important influence on young adults.

8.Some people choose friends who are different from themselves.Others choose friends who are similar to themselves.

9.Some people believe that a college or university education should be available to all students. Others believe that higher education should be available only to good students.

10.Some people say that advertising encourages us to buy things we really do not need. Others say that advertisements tell us about new products that may improve our lives.

11.Some people say that physical exercise should be a required part of every school day. Other people believe that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies.

12.Some people prefer to eat at food stands or restaurants.Other people prefer to prepare and eat food at home.

13.Some people like doing work by hand. Others prefer using machines.

14.Some students prefer to study alone. Others prefer to study with a group of students.
15.Some people prefer to plan activities for their free time very carefully. Others choose not to make any plans at all for their free time.

16.Choose one of the following careers and explain why it is important to society.
(1)accountant(2)actor (3)airplane (4)pilot (5)architect (6)computer programmer (7)dentis (8)farmer (9)lawyer (10)tour guide
二、Do you support the following statement or facts? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer (300 words):

1.A zoo has no useful purpose.

2.People behave differently when they wear different clothes.

3.Only people who earn a lot of money are successful.

4.People are never too old to attend college or university.

5.Children should be required to help with household tasks as soon as they are able to do so.

6.Television, newspapers, magazines, and other media pay too much attention to the personal lives of famous people such as public figures and celebrities.

7.Parents are the best teachers.

8.A sense of humor can sometimes be helpful in difficult situations.

9.It is better to be a member of a group than to be the leader of a group.

10.Schools should ask students to evaluate their teachers. Playing a game is fun only when you win.

11.Playing games teaches us about life.

12.People should read only those books that are about real events, real people, and established facts.

13.A person?ˉs childhood years (the time from birth to 12 years of age) are the most important years of a person?ˉs life.

14.Books are not needed any more because people can read information on computers.

15.People are never satisfied with what they have; they always want something more or something different.

16.High schools should allow students to study the courses that students want to study.

17.Universities should give the same amount of money to their students?ˉ sports activities as they give to their university libraries.

18.People should sometimes do things that they do not enjoy doing.
三、Write an essay on the following topic; describe and use specific details to support your answer (300 words):

1.In some countries, teenagers have jobs while they are still students. Do you think this is a good idea?

2.A person you know is planning to move to your town or city. What do you think this person would like and dislike about living in your town or city?

3.When famous people such as actors, athletes, and rock stars give their opinions, many people listen. Do you think we should pay attention to these opinions?

4.In general, people are living longer now. Discuss the causes of this phenomenon.

5.In general, people are living longer now. How will this change affect society?

6.Choose a building that has special meaning for you and explain.

7.We all work or will work in our jobs with many different kinds of people. In your opinion, what are some important characteristics of a co-worker?

8.What is one of the most important decisions you have made? Why was this decision important?

9.Many parts of the world are losing important natural resources, such as forests, animals, or clean water. Choose one resource that is disappearing and explain why it needs to be saved.

10.Imagine that you have received some land to use as you wish. How would you use this land?

11.Is it better for children to participate in team sports or individual sports? Why?

12.Music tells us something about a culture. What does the music of your country reveal about the culture of your country?

13.What is the most important animal in your country?Why is this animal important?

14.A gift (such as a soccer ball, a camera, or an animal)can contribute to a child?ˉs development. What gift would you give to help a child develop?

15.In the twentieth century, food has become easier to prepare. Has this change improved the way people live?

16.It has been said, ?°Not everything that is learned is contained in books.?± Compare and contrast knowledge gained from experience with knowledge gained from books.

17.Think of the most important class you have ever taken. Why did you enjoy this class so much?

18.What do you consider to be the most important room in a house?

19.You need to travel from your home to a place 40 miles(64 kilometers) away. Compare the different kinds of transportation you could use.

20.Your school has received a gift of money. What do you think is the best way for your school to spend this money?

21.If you could make one important change in a school that you attended, what change would you make?

22.Would you prefer to live in a traditional house or in a modern apartment building?

23.Your country is going to build a new national university.What academic area should be the main focus of this university?

24.Many people visit museums when they travel to new places.Why do you think people visit museums?

25.It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship.

26.Effective advertising sells products. Describe an advertisement and explain why it is effective.

27.Neighbors are the people who live near us. In your opinion, what are the qualities of a good neighbor?

28.The twentieth century has seen great change. In your opinion, what is one change that should be remembered about this century?

29.When choosing a place to live, what do you consider most important: location, size, style, number of rooms,types of rooms, or other features?

30.Films can tell us a lot about the country in which they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies?

31.Because of developments in communication and transportation, countries are becoming more and more alike. How is your country becoming more similar to other places in the world? （benny）