雅思面试第一阶迷你表达法

　　初次见面，打个招呼，无论是纯语言还是身体语言你都要打点精神，给对方留下个好印象：

　　※Greetings used when you meet somebody for the first time

　　How do you do?

　　Glad to meet you.

　　Pleased to meet you.

　　Nice to meet you.

　　Delighted to meet you.

　　Good morning/ afternoon/ evening.

　　Hello/ Hallo!　(informal)

　　Hi!　(informal)

　　I’m very well, thank you.　And you?

　　What exactly would you like to know?

　　As you can see from my CV…

　　Perhaps I can begin by telling you about…

　　Recently, I’ve been studying / working at…

　　I’ve been studying English now for (1 year)…

　　The reason I’m taking the test is because…

　　Would you like to know about…

　　Before that I studied / worked at…

　　At the moment I’m studying/ working at…

　　Have I answered your question?

　　Is there anything else you wish to know?

　　※What the candidate should do

　　・Show the examiner you are confident by smiling and looking at him or her in the eye.

　　・When the examiner shakes your hand return his or her handshake firmly.

　　・Answer the questions you are asked as clearly and in as much detail as possible.

　　・Show that you are in control by talking freely about yourself and your past.

　　・Make sure you have practiced enough before the test so that the past tenses you use are accurately formed and appropriate.

　　※What the candidate should not do

　　・Do not tell the examiner that you are nervous or blink your eyes and move about too much.

　　・Do not shake hands with the examiner as if your extended hand were a cold wet fish!

　　・Do not cut the conversation short with answers of only one word, or short answers.

　　・Do not wait for another question if you know that the examiner wants you to keep talking.

　　・Do not be afraid to correct yourself if you make a grammatical mistake.　But fluency is more important than grammar at this stage.

雅思面试第二阶迷你表达法

　　双方寒喧完毕，开始进入实质性阶段，天南地北，古往今来都可能扯一扯......

　　※Useful said

　　Could you please rephrase that question/ topic?　I’m not exactly sure what you mean…

　　I’m not exactly sure how to answer that question, but (perhaps)…

　　That’s a rather difficult question, but (maybe)…

　　I’m sorry, but I don’t know much about…However, it might be possible that…

　　Maybe I can answer your question by telling you about a personal experience I had.

　　That’s an interesting question…Let me see.　Well, I suppose that…

　　Well, I think there are three ways of looking at it:

　　First…Second…Finally…

　　In my opinion there are three ways of it: First of all,…Next,…Then,…

　　Have I given you enough information?

　　Is that all you’d like to know?

　　I think that’s about it.

　　Would you like me to tell you more about…

　　I’m afraid that’s about as much as I know…

　　I can’t think of anything else right now…

　　※You can state you have finished by saying:

　　I think that’s all.

　　That’s it, I think…

　　Have I answered your question?

　　Does that give you a clear idea?

　　※You can invite your interviewer to talk by saying:

　　I think you know more about this than I do.

　　Bob, don’t you agree?

　　What’s your opinion?

　　What do you think?

　　I expect you will agree with me when I say…

　　I don’t know what you think, but…

　　※What the candidate should do

　　・Organize your reply by first commenting on the topic given.

　　・Then think of at least 2 main aspects of the topic

　　that are worth discussing.

　　・Explain that you will discuss each aspect in turn before you begin your talk in tamest. (formally and objectively is best)

　　・Try to talk around a difficult topic by guessing.　Using“maybe”,“perhaps”etc.　It is much better than saying nothing!

　　※What the candidate should not do

　　・Do not say that you cannot talk about the topic, or that you’ve never thought about it.

　　・Do not worry if you do not understand a question/ topic.　Ask the examiner to repeat it.

　　・Do not digress too much.　Keep to the topic, otherwise it will appear as though you do not understand what the question topic is.

　　・Do not wait for question-show that you are capable of discussing the topic without being prompted by the examiner.

雅思面试第三阶迷你表达法

　　轮到角色扮演的时候了，扮家家是你从小的拿手好戏，而且你已经把必要词汇说地滚瓜烂熟，尤其是那些“WH”族疑问词，另外你也不缺乏聪明急智，大胆上吧，说不定你就是明日之星。

　　Within this section, you are expected to be quite familiar with the use of“question words”, i.e. wh-words, like Who, What, Where, When/ What time, Which, How, How many/ much, How often, How long, How far, etc.

　　※What the candidate should do:

　　Make sure you totally understand the role you play and the situation before you begin asking any questions.

　　Divide the role-play upsintosthree parts: setting the scene; asking questions; goodbye and thank you.

　　Set up the role-play by first explaining who you are and what you want.

　　Ask as many questions as you can to find out everything about the situation at least 6-7 questions, if possible.

　　※What the candidate should not do:

　　Do not pretend you understand the situation or your role

　　　if you do not really know what to do.　Just ask the examiner to tell you again.

　　Do not ask questions from the topics on the card before you have set up the role-play.　Try to make it sound like a natural conversation.

　　Do not simply take the topic words from the cards to form questions.　They are headings only, and will not always help you to form natural questions.

　　Do not ask personal questions of the examiner unless you are specifically required to do so.