雅思写作模拟题小结
Task　1
1、Write to the agency officer to complain about a rent house by them. Tell them the problems of the house and your requiring. 

2、You read an ad about a sale of a shop in the local newspaper, when you came to buy the goods you wanted, you find the sale had ended. Write to the shop manager and complain about this. Require for the compensation. 

3、Write to an English speaking college about qualification, accommodation, fee, what courses do you want to choose and why. 
4、You are accepted as an oversea student by an university. Before you go to the university, write to the student officer and ask them sth about the accommodation, the transportation, and the class schedule. 

5、You are a history teacher at a high school. You see an ad at the local newspaper to introduce the local museum which coincidens with what you teach now. Write to the museum officer and tell them that you want to bring your students to visit it. 

6、Write a letter to your friend and express thanks for his present which was brought to you during you were ill at the hospital. 

Task 2 

1、The first car appeared on British roads in 1888. By the year 2000 there may be as many as 29 million vehicles on British roads.   Alternative forms of transport should be encouraged and international laws introduced to control car ownership and use. 
What do you think? Give reasons for your answer. 

2、The threat of nuclear weapons maintains world peace. Nuclear power provides cheap and clean energy. The benefits of nuclear technology far outweigh the disadvantages. Give reasons for your answer. 

3、People can do longer expect a job for life. What should individuals and governments do to prepare the current and future environments for different working conditions? 

4、As technological innovation brings about rapid changes and retraining becomes a lifelong necessity, industry should take over more and more of the responsibility for education. 

5、It is more important for governments to ensure adequate standards of housing, education and health care for their citizens by developing the industrial base than to use their resources to develop the rural areas. 

6、Business education and training today must promoter environmental awareness. 

7、Whilst studying abroad provides an opportunity to broaden one's experience, it also presents the danger of negative influences from the host culture. 

8、Technological advances continue to improve manufacturing efficiency; the weight of a drinks can has come down from thirty-five grams to about fifteen grams, for example, and modern cars and production techniques are much more energy efficient. 

9、Governments need to control the environment rather than controlling industry, as companies already control  their resources very efficiently. 
10、Training for work is far more important than proving a broad-based education. 

11、What steps should a student take in preparing for tertiary education and what would be the benefit of taking such steps? 

12、The developed world should lead by example and not insist that aid to the Third World is used to develop rural areas.