雅思基础作文题汇总
1.You are an university student who are living in the accommodation at the campus. One day you find something wrong with your accommodation. So you write a letter to the House Officer to tell them what happened, the reason you think, what you decide to do, and whether if it is right.

2.It is wrong that our government pay more money to the artist projects, for instance, there are more and more paintings and sculptures appearing at the public places, because there are more important thing to do. What's you opinion? Do you agree or disagree with it?

3.writing to an English speaking college about qualification, accommodation, fee, what courses do you want to choose and why.

4.Participating in a sport is as important for psychological health as it is for physical condition and social development.

5.You have left college. But you didn't say goodbye to your friend who live in the room with you because he had a course at that time. Write a letter to him to appology and tell hem how you spend that days before you leave and how you get home. Then invite him to visit you.

6.Some people say the parents should except school to conduct their children's behavior and tell them what is 'right' or 'wrong'. Others say schools should take this responsibility. Please give your point about it.

7.Write to the agency officer and complain about the rent car which has sth wrong. Tell them the problems of the car you rent from the agency and your requiring.

8.As the developing countries and the third world countries, there are a funds, how to use it? Invest in the basic education or in the high-technology, for instance, computer? What's your opinion?

9.You are a foreign student. Write to the Student Union, introduce your hobbies and interests and ask information of clubs and societies. You want to join a club or society enjoy your time when you study there. 　

10.Fast food is developing more and more popular. It replaces other traditional food. Some people think it is good, some people disagree with it. What's your opinion about it. Give some reason of your opinion.

11.A friend will visit Beijing. You will meet him at airport. But for some reason, you have to be late. Explain the reason. Since you haven't meet each other, tell the friend where you will meet and how to recognize each other.

12.More and more children's writing & math ability are affected by computers and calculators. We should limit the use of those tools. Disagree or agree.
13.you have broke your leg and have to stayed in hospital. you received many cards and letters from your classmates. write a letter to tell them your detail of your position and thank them at the same time.

14. some people say that it is impossible for women to be an effective women and to be a good mother in home at the same time. they also suggest that the government should give the salary to mothers who stay at home to take care of their children.

15.Your friend write to you and tell you that he is hesitating to chose computer or history as his major in university. Write to him and tell him your opinion.

16.Participating in a sport is as important for psychological health as it is for physical conditions and social development.

17.You live in a room in college which you share with another student. You find it very difficult to work there because he or she always has friends visiting. They have parties in the room and sometimes borrow your things without asking you. Write a letter to the Accommodation officer at the college and ask for a new room nest term. You would prefer a single room. Explain your reason.

18.Who has responsible for our old people?

19.Write to the agency officer to complain about a rent house by them. Tell them the problems of the house and your requiring. 　

20.You read an ad about a sale of a shop in the local newspaper, when you came to buy the goods you wanted, you find the sale had ended. Write to the shop manager and complain about this. Require for the compensation.

21.Write to an English speaking college about qualification, accommodation, fee, what courses do you want to choose and why.

22.You are accepted as an oversea student by an university. Before you go to the university, write to the student officer and ask them sth about the accommodation, the transportation,and the class schedule.

23.You are a history teacher at a high school. You see an ad at the local newspaper to introduce the local museum which coincidens with what you teach now. Write to the museum officer and tell them that you want to bring your students to visit it.

24.Write a letter to your friend and express thanks for his present which was brought to you during you were ill at the hospital.
25.The first car appeared on British roads in 1888. By the year 2000 there may be as many as 29 million vehicles on British roads. Alternative forms of transport should be encouraged and international laws introduced to control car ownership and use. What do you think? Give reasons for your answer.

26.The threat of nuclear weapons maintains world peace. Nuclear power provides cheap and clean energy. The benefits of nuclear technology far outweigh the disadvantages. Give reasons for your answer.

27.People can do longer expect a job for life. What should individuals and governments do to prepare the current and future environments for different working conditions?

28.As technological innovation brings about rapid changes and retraining becomes a lifelong necessity, industry should take over more and more of the responsibility for education.

29.It is more important for governments to ensure adequate standards of housing, education and health care for their citizens by developing the industrial base than to use their resources to develop the rural areas.

30.Business education and training today must promoter environmental awareness.

31.Whilst studying abroad provides an opportunity to broaden one's experience, it also presents the danger of negative influences from the host culture.

32.Technological advances continue to improve manufacturing efficiency; the weight of a drinks can has come down from thirty-five grams to about fifteen grams, for example, and modern cars and production techniques are much more energy efficient. Governments need to control the environment rather than controlling industry, as companies already control their resources very efficiently.

33.Training for work is far more important than proving a broad-based education.

34.What steps should a student take in preparing for tertiary education and what would be the benefit of taking such steps?

35.The developed world should lead by example and not insist that aid to the Third World is used to develop rural areas.