雅思作文真题大全 
Version 80 
Some parents in the United Kingdom decide not to have a television in theirhome. They believe that, by doing this, their children will spend the leisure time more creatively. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this decision? 

Version 81 
Robots can free people form difficult or dangerous work. However, some people are worried about the possible dangers robots may incur. What's your opinion? 

Version 82 
In schools, some live animals are used in biological experiments or researches. Some people think that this kind of practice is cruel and unnecessary, while others believe it for the interest of human being.  Explain the two views. 

Version 83 
Many people think that work nowadays is more stressful and less leisurely than in the past. What is your opinion? 

Version 84 
Some people say that older people should live with their adult children, while others think that they should live in homes specially built for old people. Which do you think is a better practice? 

Version 85 
Science and technology created the modern society. However, some people think that scientists will no longer create anything from now on. What is your opinion? 

Version 86 
The computer is widely used in modern society. What are the disadvantages if one cannot use the computer? What should the government do? 

Version 87 
Some people say that sports should not be encouraged at school for it causes competition rather than cooperation among students. To what extent do you agree or disagree with the opinion? 

Version 88 
“Creative artists should be given more freedom to express their idea, either in forms of words, pictures, music or films; and the government should not place any restrictions on their creativeness.” To what extent do you agree or disagree this opinion? 

Version 89 
People worldwide are increasingly traveling abroad to work for period of months or years. This phenomenon brings both advantages and disadvantages. Give your opinion. 

Version 90 
It is found by a survey that the crime rate of young women is increasing. Please state out the possible reasons and solutions. 

Version 91 
Is it fair that some successful sports professionals earn a great deal more money than people in other important professions? Give both sides reasons and state your own opinion. 

Version 92 
旅游业的发展和英语的广泛应用会不会损害其他国家的文化和语言。(xiaoyingzi提供) 

Version 93 
There are some serious problems in schools worldwide resulting from student’s attitude. Analyze the possible reasons for this phenomenon and give your solutions. 

Version 94 
妇女外出工做，政府是否应该为她们的孩子提供看管的人还有设施？(xiaoyingzi提供) 

Version 95 
People doing different kinds of work enjoy different amount of holiday time. Should people have the same amount of leisure time? Give your opinion using some of your own experience. 

Version 96 
Damage to the environment is an inevitable consequence of the improvement in the standard of living. What’s your idea? 

Version 97 
Some people regard animals as the source of food or clothes, and others think that they should be treated like pets. State your opinion from both sides. 

Version 98 
Someone said the age of book has past; videos, computers, televisions and films will present the information. Others think that books and written words will still be necessary in spreading information and in completing education. Discuss both sides and give your opinion. 

Version 99 
Some people think that machine translation is highly developed in today's society. Therefore it is not necessary for children to learn a foreign language. What’s your opinion? 

Version 100 
Some people think that it is a moral obligation for developed countries to provide international aid to developing countries, while others worry that the aid fund might possibly be misused by the government of the poor countries and could not actually help the poor people to improve their living standard. What is your opinion? 

Version 101 
Some people think that strong tradition can civilize a country and the government should subsidize musicians, artists, actors and drama companies. Do you agree or disagree with the opinion? What should the government do? 

Version 102 
There are more and more vehicles in front of your houses, which is very dangerous for cyclists and pedestrians. Besides, many gardens have to make way to highways or expressways. How can we make everyone satisfied? 

Version 103 
Over the past fifty years, young people began to gain status and power lost by old people. What are the causes? Is it a good or bad development? 