雅思样题（二）
General Training Reading
Read the passage on Daybreak trips by coach and look at the statements below.
On your answer sheet write :
TRUE	- if the statement is true
FALSE	- if the statement is false
NOT GIVEN	- if the information is not given in the leaflet

1.Millers Coaches owns Cambridge's Cambus fleet.
2.Premier is an older company than Millers.
3.Most of the Daybreak coaches are less than 5 years old.
4.Daybreak fares are more expensive than most of their competitors.
5.Soft drinks and refreshments are served on most longer journeys.
6.Smoking is permitted at the rear of the coach on longer journeys.
7.Tickets must be bought in advance from an authorised Daybreakagent.
8.Tickets and seats can be reserved by phoning the DaybreakHotline.
9.Daybreak passengers must join their coach at CambridgeDrummer Street.
10.Daybreak cannot guarantee return times.

 FROM CAMBRIDGE AND SURROUNDING AREASPRING IS IN THE AIR!Welcome to our Spring Daybreak programme which continues the tradition of offering unbeatable value for money daytrips and tours. All the excursions in this brochure will be operated by Premier Travel Services Limited or Millers Coaches; both companies are part of the CHL Group, owners of Cambridge's Cambus fleet.WE'RE PROUD OF OUR TRADITIONPremier was established in 1936; the Company now offers the highest standards of coaching in today's competitive operating environment. Millers has an enviable reputation stretching back over the past 20 years, offering value for money coach services at realistic prices. We've travelled a long way since our early days of pre-war seaside trips. Now our fleet of 50 modern coaches (few are more than five years old) operate throughout Britain and Europe but we're pleased still to maintain the high standards of quality and service, the trademark of our founders nearly sixty years ago.EXCLUSIVE FEATURESAdmission inclusive faresAll Daybreak fares (unless specifically otherwise stated) include admission charges to the attractions, shows and exhibits we visit. Many full day scenic tours are accompanied by a fully trained English Tourist Board 'Blue Badge' guide or local experienced driver/guide. Some Daybreaks include lunch or afternoon tea. Compare our admission inclusive fares and see how much you save. Cheapest is not the best and value for money is guaranteed. If you compare our bargain Daybreak fares beware - most of our competitors do not offer an all inclusive fare.SEAT RESERVATIONSWe value the freedom of choice, so you can choose your seat when you book. The seat reservation is guaranteed and remains yours at all times when aboard the coach.NO SMOKING COMFORTWith the comfort of our passengers in mind, coaches on all our Daybreaks are no smoking throughout. In the interests of fellow passengers' comfort, we kindly ask that smokers observe our 'no smoking' policy. On scenic tours and longer journeys, ample refreshment stops are provided when, of course, smoking is permitted.YOUR QUESTIONS ANSWEREDDo I need to book?Booking in advance is strongly recommended as all Daybreak tours are subject to demand. Subject to availability, stand-by tickets can be purchased from the driver.What time does the coach leave?The coach departs from Cambridge Drummer Street (Bay 12, adjacent to public toilets) at the time shown. There are many additional joining points indicated by departure codes in the brochure. If you are joining at one of our less popular joining points, you will be advised of your pick up time (normally by telephone) not less than 48 hours before departure. In this way, we can minimise the length of pick-up routes and reduce journey times for the majority of passengers.What time do we get back?An approximate return time is shown for each excursion. The times shown serve as a guide, but road conditions can sometimes cause delay. If your arrival will be later than advertised, your driver will try to allow for a telephone call during the return journey.Where can I board the coach?All the Daybreaks in the brochure leave from Cambridge Drummer Street (Bay 12, adjacent to public toilets) at the time shown. Many Daybreaks offer additional pick-ups for pre-booked passengers within Cambridge and the surrounding area. This facility must be requested at the time of booking.