ÑÅË¼ÑùÌâ
¡ª¡ªGENERAL TRAINING WRITING(2)

The General Training Writing Module takes 60 minutes. There are two tasks to complete.

It is suggested that about 20 minutes is spent on Task 1 Which requires candidates to write at least 150 words.

Intask 1 candidates are asded to respond to a given problem with a letter requesting information or explaining a situation.

Depending on the task suggested, candidates are assessed on their ability to:

Engage in personal correspondence elicit and provide general factual information
express needs, wants, likes and dislikes
express opinions(views, complaints etc.)

In Task 2 candidates are presented with a point of view or argument or problem.
Candidates are assed on their ability to:

provide general factual information
outline a problem and present a solution
present and posssibly justify an opinion, assessment or hypothesis
present and possibly evaluate and challenge ideas, evidence and argument

The topics are of general interest and it makes no difference what subjects candidates study.
Suitcable topic areas are:

travel
accommodation
current affairs
shops and services
health and welfare
occupational health and safety
recreation
social and physical environment
Part of the task realisation is to respond appropriately in terms of register, rhetorical organisation,style and content.
Appropriate responses are personal semi-formal or formal correspondence(Task 1)
And short essays or general reports, addressed to course turors or examiners(Task 2).

No specialist knowledge is expected. Each task is assessed independently. The assessment of Task 2 carries more weight in marking than Task 1. Instructions are clear and eassy to follow.
Candidates may write on the question paper but this cannot be taken from the test room and will not be seen by the examiner.

Answers must be given on the Answer sheet and must be written in full. Notes are not acceptable as answers.

WRITING TASK 2
You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.
As part of a class assignment you have to write about the following topic.
Some business now say that no one can smoke sigarettes in any of their offices. Some governments
Have banned smoking in all public places.
This is a good idea but it also takes away some of our freedom.
Do you agree or disagree?
Give reasons for your answer.
You should write at least 250 words.