ÑÅË¼ÑùÌâ
¡ª¡ªGENERAL TRAINING READING

Section 1 Questions 1-10

Look at the eight advertisements (A-H). Answer the questions below by writing the
Letters of the appropriate advertisements A-H in boxes 1-10 on your answer sheet.

NB You may use any letter more than once.

Example
Which position is part-time in a doctor¡¯s office?

1. Which TWO positions require accounts experience?
2. Which TWO positions require a drivers license?
3. Which TWO receptionist positions are full-time?
4. Which position is in the food service industry?
5. Which position is suitable for people of any age?
6. Which position requires Mandarin language skills?
7. Which advertisement is NOT require experience?
8. Which advertisement is NOT for a job vacancy?
9. Which advertisement can only be answered by mail?

Which TWO advertisements mention what you look like?

Postions Vacant-Casual/Part-Time/Full-Time-Job Training A.
   TRAVEL & TOURS,  BONDI  JUNCTION
Busy Travel Agent seeks energetic front-desk receptionist.
Must have computer experience and previous industry experience preferred.

  Call 9767 2141. Ask for Patricia Oakley.
E.
       Medical Receptionist
A full-time medical receptionist is required for Specialist consulting rooms. Presentable appearance, good personality And telephone manners are important, Fluency in Mandarin a pre-requisite. Cash Handing and account keeping experience Also required.
9422 1874, 6-8 pm
B.
  Clerk/Office Assistant
Person required for part-time/casual position in Burwood company.
General office/accounts experience essential.
Real Estate and Property Management experience
An advantage.
Forward resume with references to
The Manager,
Po Box K2893,
Burwood NSW 2134 F.
Driving Instructors
Only Windsor Driving School can offer:
Highest rates of pay in Sydney
Work in your own area(no excessive travelling)
If  you e a good, experienced driver with a
Class A driver licence and willing to pass on your skills to the young drivers of today, this is
An excellent opportunity to earn top money in A rewarding career.
Sidney’s largest driving school
- And still growing
9834 5556

C.
Tommy TakeAway Restaurant at Ashfield
Positions available for experienced counter staff.
Must be outgoing. Energetic, with excellent
Communications skills. 20-30 hours per week,
Monday to Friday, day shift.
Call  9777 9351 G.
Looking for work?
Need computer skills?
Inner West Training Centre provides 2& 3 day
Workshops in basic computer know-how.
Classes begin every Monday, 9.30-2.30.
$40 per day.
Call 9816 7710 For brochure and booking
D.
Want to try casual work in film and TV?
Babies, Kide, teen, adults, models, actors, sports
People needed for well-paid work in movies,
Advertisements. magazines, etc. No experience necessary.
Government credited agency. Wages guaranteed.
Phone 9276 4501

2 mins Town Hall Stn.    Lic.N.KJ30124 H.
Experienced Receptionist requited for busy medical
Centre in Strathfiel. Permanent casual, 2 evenings per
Week, 2 pm-8 pm.
Typing and computer skills necessary.
Must have pleasant manner and be well groomed.
Please phone 9555 7522.

Section 3 Questions 30-40

Questions 30-33
The Reading Passage below has five sections.
Choose the most suitable heading for each section from the list of headings below.
Write the appropriate numbers(I-viii) in boxes 30-33 on your answer sheet.
NB there are more headings than sections, so you will not use all of them.
You may use any of the headings more than once.

List of Headings
(i)  Technical Education
(ii)  Bilingual Policy
(iii) Purpose of Education
(iv) Historical Overview
(v)  Balanced Curriculum
(vi) Structure of Education
(vii) Teaching Method
(viii)  Extracurricular Activities

30. SECTION TWO
31. SECTION THREE
32. SECTION FOUR
33. SECTION FIVE
EDUCATION IN SINGAPORE

SECTION ONE
A In Singapore, every child has a place in the education system where he is accorded an equal opportunity
To excel to the limits of his ability.

B The objective of the education system is to develop children¡¯s potential and ability to the fullest so as to
Enable them to become useful and loyal citizens who contribute to the building of a responsible, cohesive
And robust society.
SECTION TWO
C A CHILD IN Singapore goes through an average of ten years of formal education. He starts at the age of six in
Primary one. At the end of six years, he sits for the Primary School Leaving Examination (PSLE) and would
have completed his primary education. He then proceeds to a secondary school and
Continues another four or five years culminating in the GCE¡¯O¡¯ levels. The best of
The ¡®O¡¯ level students will continue with preuniversity in preparation for tertiary education.

D. The education system recognises that the abilities of publics are not homogenous. In 1980
Streaming was introduced to maximise every child¡¯s potential by providing for different courses that would allow pupils to Normal course, a child completes his primary education in primary six while in the Extended and Monolingual courses. He is given two extra years to complete his primary education by primary eight. After the PSLE, pupils are again streamed in secondary one to either Special, Express or Normal course. By the end of secondary two, they begin to specialise in subjects of study in that they have the option of being in the science, commerce, technical or arts stream. This kind of specialistaion becomes more defined in post-secondary and tertiary education.

SECTION THREE
E Partly due to history and partly to modern exigencies, English has become the working language of Singapore. Hence in schools, English is the medium of instruction. However, a child may learn his mother-tongue
In school. This language may be eigher Chinese, Malay or Tamil with respect to the four main ethnic groups in Singapore. This would give our children a cultural ballast and ground them in their cultural roots.
Hence a bilingual education will strengthen a pupil¡¯s sense of identity as well as provide him with the facility
To handle international communications.

SECTION FOUR
F The first three years of primary education emphasise the learning of language so as to provide pupils with a strong foundation for understanding what is taught in later stages of primary education. About fifty percent of curriculum time is used for language learning at the primary level. Other core subjects are taught to provide children with the necessary knowledge and skills to live and work in a modern society. Another important subject taught at primary school level is moral education. This programme aims to inculcate in pupils sound moral values and civic-consciousness.

G Recent trends in education have begun to emphasise aesthetics. While music and art and handicarft have always been a part of the primary school curriculum, there are better developed programmes now to teach literature and drama in secondary schools and junior colleges. There are also special art and music elective
Programmes to nurture talents among our students.

Questions 34-40
The Reading Passage has nine paragrahs labelled A-I Which paragraphs contain the following information?
Write the appropriate letters A-I in boxes 34-40 on your answer sheet.
NB You only need ONE LETTER FOR EACH ANSWER.
You may use any letter more than once.

34. Examples of uniformed organisations
35. The main ethnic groups in Singapore
36. Examples of voluntary aesthetics programees
37. The amount of time spent on language learning at primary level
38. The age at which children begin school in Singapore
39. The language in which lessons are taught
40. The reasons for grouping children accordint to ability