雅思作文综合改错练习

原文(50多处错误)：
　　Journalists have much influence on people’s opinions. Then, what kinds of limits shall we put on them?

　　The energy of journalists is huge. Their reports always exert strong influence on people’s thinking. Therefore, for the objectiveness of reports, some should be placed on journalist restrictions, which will be stated in this essay.

　　Firstly, the information source need to be accurate and reliable. This is the demand for the journalists’morality. People who don’t know the situation may form their opinion after reading the reports. Irresponsible reports’result is horrifying. For example, a journalist wrote a piece of information proclaiming that a famous sports man has some relationship with a crime insgroupsto make some shock effect. As a result, the sports man’s reputation was ruined, and for being deeply hurt in spirit, he would not attend any games for a period of time.

　　Secondly, the wording of reports needs to have some regulation. Journalists try their best to make their report objective. However, when writing reports, personal feeling might become involved. Thus over fierce language should be forbidden for the objectiveness of information.

　　Thirdly, journalists’action should not influence other people’s normal lives. Journalists always want to gain some information which is quite attractive to people. However, it’s a kind boring thing, if journalists’action influence other people’s lives. For example, some journalists keep on following some famous people and write some articles on these famous people’s normal private lives, which make the mentioned people feel embarrassed. There were some journalists showing great interest in Princess Diana’appointments, and kept on following her, which had hurt her deeply.

　　What we want to know is the fact, and we hope all the people can enjoy their happy lives. Thus journalists should try their best to keep out information reliable and objective, and thoroughly exert the positive effect of information.

　　新东方胡敏老师修正版Journalists have a great influence on people’s opinions. Then, what kinds of limits should we put on them?

　　The impact of journalists is huge. Their reports always exert a strong influence on people’s thinking. Therefore, to ensure the objectiveness of their reports, some restrictions should be placed on journalists. I think this should be done in three aspects.

　　Firstly, information sources need to be accurate and reliable. This is a demand on journalists’ethics. People who do not know the situation may form their opinions after reading the reports. Irresponsible reports can have horrifying results. In one notorious case, a journalist wrote a story claiming that a famous athlete had criminal connections, insgroupsto create a sensation. As a result, the sportsman’s reputation was ruined, and he boycotted competitions for a long time.

　　Secondly, the wording of reports needs to be regulated. Journalists do their best to make their reports objective. However, when writing reports , personal feelings might become involved. Thus, exaggerated language should be forbidden for the objectiveness of information.

　　Thirdly, journalists’actions should not impede other people’s normal lives. Journalists always want to gain information which attracts attention. However, it is unforgivable , if journalists’actions harm other people’s lives. For example, some journalists keep on following famous people , and write about their normal private lives, causing deep embarrassment. An example is the hounding of Princess Diana by journalists, which was partly responsible for her death.

　　What we want to know are the facts, but we hope that all people can enjoy their private lives. Thus, journalists should do their best to keep the information they feed us reliable and objective, and thoroughly play their positive role of information providers.