雅思考试作文范文集锦
1.咨询信--要求更改课程
　　Dear professor Moss:
　　I am Sandy Lee, an undergraduate student of the department of Electrical and Computer Engineering. At the beginning of this semester, I registered one of your courses, African Literature and Culture. It is a two-hour course held on every Thursday afternoon. Yesterday, I received a notice from my department that a major course, Computer Principle, would be changed to Thursday afternoon. This major course conspicuously influences my credits and it is every important to me. Unfortunately, I can not study your course this semester.
　　Because of your reputation and my enthusiasm in literature, I hope I could study this course in next semester. I also heard that another course of yours, China Literature, is held every Friday afternoon. If the registration of this course hasn't closed yet, I will be so glad to participate in your class.
　　Sorry to bother you, your help will be greatly appreciated.
　　Sincerely yours,
　　Sandy Lee
2.作为一名员工，为本饭店的发展提建议
　　Dear General Manager,
　　As a staff of Sales Department, I'm very glad to see the rapid development of our hotel. With the coming of New Year, I am writing to you to pre I think more on the further improvement of our hotel-to establish a website of our own to attract more clients.
　　Firstly, with the development of Internet, more and more people are willing to go to the outside world through the information on Internet. Thus if we could establish our own website and introduce ourselves on it, more friends, especially foreign friends, could know our latest promotion at home whenever they want. Secondly, according to the statistics of World Hotel Association, 33% of clients made hotel reservation through the Internet last year. And the proportion will largely increase in year 2000. Thus if we could introduce reservation system on our homepage, clients could contact us and make reservation directly. Finally, hotel promotion on Internet could reduce our operation cost greatly.
　　As someone says that Internet shorten the distance of the world, I believe that the one who could make use of Internet effectively today will be the winner tomorrow. We will get a lot and have a brilliant future.
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Livia Lim
3.用纳税人的钱修路，改善交通状况
　　To construct and maintain roads is a public service administered by the government. However,swheresdoes the money come from? Somebody believe that the government should allocate money from national finance on the road construction; but others think that the roads are constructed for people, so every tax-payer has the responsibility for constructing and maintaining the roads. It is so called"What is taken from the people is used in the interests of the people."
　　To the first opinion, since government is the administrative organ, it has responsibility to do overall plan on those public services of city construction, including constructing the road. They think that the government should do plan and allocate every penny on all things concerning people's life.
　　However in reality, the government cannot do all specific plans and money allocations on every detail concerning the society running. It only has the right of macro-adjustment and control. To be specific on the road construction, many people believe that based on the principle above, since the road is constructed for the convenience of people themselves, every tax-payer has duty to devote a little on the road construction, which is not only for the city overall plan, but also for their own use fundamentally. Once the constructions finish, the roads will be wider and longer, the facilities along the roads will be better in use, by then people could further improve their working efficiency, etc..
　　As I know, the second opinion is more reasonable and feasible, because it has two advantages: 1. The government could reduce heavy burdens, simplify and make clear the usage of money; 2. Tax-payers are clear about the usage of money they turn over, thus improve the transparency. Therefore, it is a good measure for both sides to allocate money from the tax paid by people on the road construction.
4.遗失信----财物遗失在民航班机上,写信给机场海关请求帮助
　　Dear officer:
　　In 01/01/2000, I took flight CA983 from Beijing to Los Angeles. When the flight arrived at Los Angeles, because of my carelessness, I left my handbag, a black leathered bag, on my seat. There are some important things in it, including my passport, ID card, credit card, some checks and one thousand US Dollars. But the most important thing is my business address book, in which record all my clients'phone numbers and appointment agenda in the following two weeks.
　　Since this bag is very important to me, my friends told me that I should contact your department to seek help, so I write this letter to you anxiously. Hope you and your staff can help me find my lost bag. Your meticulous and warmhearted help will be greatly appreciated.
　　For information about my lost thing, please contact me in the following ways.
　　Mobile phone: 13901160626
　　Home phone: 82326258
　　Office phone: 82326255
　　Yours sincerely
　　Will Smith
　　01/04/2000
5.有人给学校捐款，建议如何使用。
　　Dear President, November 11, 1999
　　I'm very happy to hear that a famous author has donated considerable money to our institute. And I think we could use it to establish an education fund to aid our teachers to study abroad.
　　Firstly, teachers could increase their teaching level and enrich their knowledge by studying aboard. For teachers of a language institute, this kind of experience is really necessary. Teachers would consider that as a kind of prize and therefore work harder for that. Secondly, our institute could be benefited from doing that. Since we could provide the overseas-studying chance for our teachers, graduates with high score in the Normal Colleges are more willing to come to our institute. Thirdly, that will help our students. Our last year's survey showed that 65% of our students prefer the language teachers who had overseas-studying experience.
　　In a word, I think that using the donated fund to assist our teachers to study abroad is a good way to promote the healthy development of our institute.
　　Please take good consideration of my advice. Thanks!
　　Yours sincerely,
　　Livia Liu
6.表扬信--餐厅服务,饭菜质量,菜单更新
　　Dear Manager:
　　I am a reporter from the News Weekend. Because of the demand of my work, I often come to Beijing to do interviews. Your hotel is my favorite, because of the comfortable living conditions, and the considerate service, especially your excellent food.
　　The restaurants in your hotel have many kinds of delicious food such as Chinese food, Japanese food, French food and so on. Among these delicious foods, I like the Beijing Toast Duck best, not only because of its Chinese characteristics but also its special taste for people from all over the world. So every time I come here I always choose this course.
　　Furthermore, what impressed me most is the high quality service, it always makes me feel at home. Waiters and waitresses are so kind and warmhearted that they always earnestly recommend every new or special food of the restaurant. I will recommend your hotel and restaurant to my friends without any reservation and hesitation.
　　Hope your hotel and restaurant will be more prosperous in the future.
　　Sincerely yours,
　　Will Smith
　　01/01/2000
7. Letter of request
　　Dear Sirs,
　　We are planing a full day party to celebrate the completion of our Business Language Training Course on June 30, 2000. The party will start at 10:00. President of our institute will deliver an opening speech. After lunch comes the singing and dancing show, followed by a cake and champion celebration at 17:00. Karaoky and disco will begin at 18:30 and end at about 12:30. There will be 100 to 150 attendees for the event and half of them will stay overnight at the hotel.
　　As suggested by one of our professors, your hotel offers various recreational facilities. Therefore, we would like to make your hotel as our party's venue. Please reserve the following according to our program:
　　2 A 150-square meter meeting room, theater-style with 2 standing microphones, 5 wireless microphones and 1 podium;
　　2 A 18-meter banner;
　　2 Buffet lunch including soft drink;
　　2 60-centimeter cakes and 30 bottles of champion;
　　2 60 standard rooms
　　Please quote the above separately and let us know the term of payment. Should you have further questions, please feel free to contact me.
　　Contact Way: Tel: (8610)68882150/68882151
　　Fax: (8610)68882250
　　Thank you in anticipation for your kind assistance and looking forward to your earliest reply.
　　Yours faithfully,
　　Karen Wong
　　Celebration Party Preparation Committee
8.给小孩零用钱的利与弊(Pocket Money)
　　With the development of our modern society, people's living conditions become much more comfortable. But along with intense competition, parents have less time to consider children's needs in all-round. One method to solve this ontradiction is to give children some pocket money. Pocket money is useful to children. But whether the children are considerable enough to make correct use of these money. There are two viewpoints about the pocket money. Some people think that giving children pocket money will make them become luxurious. Others think that will not lead to such disadvantage. In my opinion, both of them are partially reasonable.
　　Someone believe that giving children pocket money really has many advantages. With pocket money, children can buy their daily necessities such as pencils, little toys, and snack food they like. It will give children a certain freedom to select what they want, make them aware rules of the equivalent exchange. Since time to parents is very precious, giving pocket money to children help them to save time spent in shopping, but used in busy working and earning money.
　　Others insist that there are undoubtedly some disadvantages in spending pocket money. First, young children do not know how to use pocket money appropriately, they possibly consume all the money to buy expensive merchandise that they like, and then ask for extra money from their parents. Some parents cosset their children, and always give them a large amount of pocket money. Such conditions will make children become more and more prodigal. Second, since adults do not supervise the procedure of shopping, children could probably buy something that is not suitable for their age, such as adult magazines.
　　Judging these two viewpoints above-mentioned, I think that parents should give their children a limited amount of pocket money. There are some preconditions: the amount of pocket money must be finite; the parents should instruct their children how to use the money moderately and what is suitable to them; for a costly merchandise, parents themselves should take children to buy it. With these preconditions, pocket money will do no harm to their children.
9.父母是否应该花更多的时间同子女在一起
　　In China, both of the parents have their jobs. With the development of economy, people tend to pursue high quality living conditions. Most of the parents try their best to offer their children comfortable circumstances, but they seldom have time to stay with their children. In my point of view, no matter how busy they are, they should make the best use of their time to stay with their children.
　　First, the love between children and adults will be improved by spending more time on their children. Children could feel parents' affection through the genial conversation and sharing their pleasure with them. Every time when parents take them to amusement park, help them to prepare their birthday parties, applaud for them when they are competing in the sports meeting, the time they spend with children will become treasure in their memories.
　　Second, children need the direction from their parents. There are some wrong behaviors in our society such as dishonesty, corruption, violence and eroticism and so on. Children have weak resistance in defending this detrimental influence. In this case, parents' instructions seem to be very important to children's growth. Parents should sit down and talk with them about what they should do and should not do. In addition, if parents often spend time in staying with their children, adults' good behaviors will greatly influence their children.
　　Here I do not deny that there are some disadvantages in spending too much time on children. Some parents restrict their children, and give them little freedom to develop their interests. Therefore, I emphasize that parents should educate and instruct their children appropriately in their spare time apart from their busy works.
10.你因病住院,写表扬信,表扬医护人员的医德,服务,环境卫生
　　Dear Sir:
　　I am a business man from America, and my name is David Smith. Last month it was the first time that I traveled to Beijing for business, signing a contract with a Chinese food company. Unfortunately I got a bad flu and then had a fever. I was sent to your hospital. Because my temperature was nearly 40 degree centigrade, I was asked to be in hospital. I worried about my business and the delay of signing the contact will lead to great losses to my company. However, After the doctors' careful treatment and nurses' patient care, I was recovered only in 4 days.
　　I completed the negotiation with the food company smoothly and signed the contract on time finally. So I sincerely appreciate all the staffs in your hospital who helped me full-heatedly. I was deeply impressed by the kind doctors and nurses, the pleasant and comfortable environment, and considerate services. I have no relatives and friends in Beijing, but I felt at home in your hospital. I will always remember all those warmhearted persons and your hospital in my heart.
　　Best wishes to you all!
　　Sincerely yours,
　　David Smith
11. Children learn best by observing the behavior of adults and copying it.
　　The Process of growing up is very complex for children. Among countless factors that influence children's growth, the behavior of adults plays a significant role in shaping children's inclination and character. After the baby is born, the first and the nearest adults are his/her parents. Although the baby is just slur pronunciation, the little baby has started to learn from their parents by observing and copying the adults' talk. This learning environment is important for the babies.
　　There is a special case reported by the press. A baby was abandoned when she was born. A sow fed her as a piglet. When she was about eight years old, some villagers found her, her intelligence was just similar to the two-year old baby and all of her behaviors were looked like a pig. From this case, we know child is a "mirror" which will reflect the behavior of the closet adults.
    Along with the children's growth, adults will influence them much more, such as logical thinking, making decision, cooperation with others, etc.. The behavior of adults can give children both good and bad influence. Most of the behaviors represent adults' inclination. For instance, if media report chiefly on the shadow side of the society, children will easily incline to violence and excessive sex. Therefore, they will be infected with bad mental state.
　　Behavior is a direct and convincing method to teach children. Things are easier said than done. Parents always tell children those principles repeatedly, but most children can not accept it through these boring method. Adults' behavior is the most effective education method to let them observe the whole process of how to deal with the problems. The children will learn from you naturally.
　　Children are like young trees, they need to be carefully irrigated, fertilized and trimmed. Your behavior will be greatly helpful to shape themsintosuseful talents.
12. Zoos are sometimes seen as necessary but poor alternative to a natural environment. Is it necessary to keep animals in zoos?
　　In the modern society, zoos are almost indispensable places in large cities for people to visit. In some large zoos, there are various animals from space to sea, and from primitive invertebrates to advanced and intelligent mammals. In the zoos, all animals, including those rare animals, such as panda, Africa elephant, and North-East tiger, could enjoy good care and protection away from any hurt. However, along with the stronger natural environmental protection consciousness, many people think that to put animalssintossmall cages will change their living instincts, and therefore break the ecological balance.
　　Viewed from the basic relations between animals and human beings, animals should have the equal freedom with human beings. They are all forms of life. Animals have their own living instinct, and it is this instinct that forms the biological chain of the Earth. This relation is called "Ecological Balance" academically. For example, insect-bird-snake. If most birds in a region are killed and lockedsintoscages by human beings, the pests will eat out all crops, and snakes will lose a large part of food (bird)-resources, therefore leading to starvation and death.
　　This opinion sounds ideal theoretically. However in reality, human beings and other animals cannot stay together peacefully on the Earth. Because of human beings' lust for fortune, many valuable animals are killed or sold, especially those endangered species. Therefore, zoos appear as an active way for people to protect those poor animals. First, this is an action not only for animals but also for human being itself. Once the biological chain is broken, human beings will be punished inevitably. Next, zoos can serve a purpose of educating and entertaining people, narrowing the distance between human beings and animals. Last, zoos can be a scientific study center to rescue more endangered spices and make animals better serve people's need.
　　The key point of this topic is freedom or protection. In my opinion, those two aspects can be unified. It is necessary to keep animals in zoos for the purpose of protection, teaching and study. Let's think it further, the purpose of all these actions is to make animals live happier, therefore, maintain the ecological balance, hence protect our own living environment.