GMAT畠寔籾膨---1
Analytical Writing 1
ANALYSIS OF AN ARGUMENT
Time-30 minutes
Directions: In this section you will be asked to write a critique of the graument presented below. You are NOT being asked to present your own views on the subject.
　　Read the argument and the instructions that follow it, and then make any notes in your test booklet that will help you plan response. Begin writing your response on the separate answer sheet. Make sure that you use the answer sheet that goes with this writing task.
　　The following appeared in the opinion section of a national newsmagazine.
　　"To reverse the deterioration of the postal service, the government should raise the price of postage stamps. This solution will no doubt prove effective, since the price increase will generate larger revenues and will also reduce the volume of amil, thereby eliminating the strain on the existing system and contributing to improved morale"
　　Discuss how well reasoned you find this argument. In your discussion be sure to analyze the line of reasoning and the use of evidence in the argument. For example, you may need to consider what questionable assumptions underlie the thinking and what alternative explanations or counterexamples might weaken the conclusion. You can also discuss what sort of evidence would strengthen or refute the argument, what changes in the argument would make it more logically sound, and what, if anything, would help you better evaluate its conclusion.
Analytical Writing 2
Directions: In this section, you will need to analyze the issue presented below and explain your views on it. The question has no "correct" answer. Instead, you should consider various perspectives as you develop your own position on the issue.
　　Read the statement and the instructions that follow it, and then make any notes in your test booklet that will help you plan your response. Begin writing your response on the separate answer sheet. Make sure that you use the answer sheet that goes with this writing task.
　　"Scientists are continually redefining the standards for what is beneficial or harmful to the environment. Since these standards keep shifting, companies should resist changing their products and processes in response to each new recommendation until those recommendations become government regulations."
　　Discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the opinion stated above. Support your views with reasons and/or examples from your own experience, observations, or reading.
SECTION 1
Time-25 minutes
16 Questions
Directions: For each question in this section, seltion, section, select the best of the answer choices given.
1. A company is considering changing its policy concerning daily working hours. Currently, this company requires all employees to arrive at work at 8 a.m. The proposed policy would permit each employee to decide when to arrive-from as early as 6 a.m. to as late as 11 a.m.
　　The adoption this policy would be most likely to decrease employees' productivity if the employees' job functions required them to
  (A) work without interruption from other employees
  (B) consult at least once a day with employees from other companies
  (C) submit their work for a supervisor's eventual approval
  (D) interact frequently with each other throughout the entire workday
  (E) undertake projects that take several days to complete
2. The amount of time it takes for most of a worker's occupational knowledge and skills to become obsolete has been declining because of the introduction of advanced manufacturing technology (AMT). Given the rate at which AMT is currently being introduced in manufacturing, the average worker's old skills become obsolete and new skills are required within as little as five years.
　　Which of the following plans, if feasible, would allow a company to prepare most effectively for the rapid obsolescence of skills described above?
  (A) The company will develop a program to offer selected employees the opportunity to receive training six years after they were originally hired.
  (B) The company will increase its investment in AMT every year for a period of at least five years.
  (C) The company will periodically survey its employecs to determine how the introduction of AMT has affected them.
  (D) Before the introduction of AMT, the company will institute an educational program to inform its employees of the probable consequences of the introduction of AMT.
(E) The company will ensure that it can offer its employees any training neccessary for meeting their job requirements.
3. Installing scrubbers in smokestacks and switching to cleaner-burning fuel are the two methods available to Northem Power for reducing harmful cmissions from its plants. Scrubbers will fuels will. Therefore, by installing scrubbers, Northern Power will be doing the most that can be done to reduce harmful emissions from its plants.
　　Which of the following is an assumption on which the argumetn depends?
  (A) Switching to cleaner-burning fuel will not be more expensive than installing scrubbers.
  (B) Northern Power can choose form among various kinds of scrubbers, some of which are more effective than others.
  (C) Northern Power is not nccessarily committed to reducing harmful emissions from its plants.
  (D) Harmful emissions from Northern Power's plants cannot be reduced more by using both methods together than by the installation of scrubbers alone.
  (E) Aside from harmful emissions from the smoke stacks of its plants, the activeties of Northern Power do not cause significant air poliution
4. Some anthropologists study modern-day socreties of foragers in an effort to learn about our ancrent ancestors who were also foragers. A Haw in this strategy is that forager societies are extrenely varied. Indeed, any forager society with which anthropologists are familiar has had considerable contact with modern, nonforager societies.
　　Which of the following, if true, would must weaken the criticism made above of the anthropologists' strategy?
  (A) All forager societies throughout history have had a number of important features in common that are absent from other types of societies.
  (B) Most ancient forager societies either dissolved on made a transition an another way of life.
  (C) All anthropologists study one kind or another of modern-day society.
  (D) Many anthropologists who study modern-day
  (E) Even those modern-day forager societues that have not had significant contact with modern societies are importantly different from anctern forager societies.
5. Mayor: In each of the past five years, the city has cut school funding and each time school officials complained that the cust would force them to reduce expenditures for essential services. But each time, only expenditures for nonessential services were actually reduced. So school officials can implement further cuts without reducing any expenditures for essential services.
　　Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the mayor's conclusion?
  (A) The city's schools have always provided essential services as effciently as they have provided nonessential services.
  (B) Sufficient funds are currently available to allow the city's schools to provide some nonessential serivces.
  (C) Price estimates quoted to the city's schools for the provision of nonessential services have not increased substantially since the most recent school funding cut.
  (D) Few influential city administrators support the funding of costly nonessential services in the city;s schools.
  (E) The city's school officials rarely exaggerate the potential impact of threatened funding cuts.
6. Advertisement:
　　For sinus pain three out of four hospitals give their patients Novex. So when you want the most effective painkiller for sinus pain. Novex is the one to choose.
　　Which of the following, if true, most seriously undermines the advertisement's argument?
  (A) Some competing brands of painkillers are intended to reduce other kinds of pain in addition to sinus pain.
  (B) Many hospitals that do not usually use Novex will do so for those patients who cannot tolerate the drug the hospitals usually use
  (C) Many drug manufacturers increase sales of their products to hospitals by selling these products to the hospitals at the lowest price the manu facturers can afford
  (D) Unlike some competing brands of painkillers, Novex is available from pharmacies without a doctor's prescription.
  (E) In clinical trials Novex has been found more effective than competing brands of painkillers that have been on the market longer than Novex.
7. A report that many apples contain a cancer-causing presservative called Alar apparently had little effect on consumers. Few consumers planned to change their apple-buying habits as a result of the report. Nonetheless, sales of apples in grocery stores fell sharply in March, a month after the report was issued.
　　Which of the following, if true, best explains the reason for the apparent discrepancy described above?
  (A) In March ,many grocers removed apples from their shelves in order to demonstrate concern about their custormers' health.
  (B) Because of a growing number of food-safety warnings, consumers in March were indifferent to such warnings
  (C) The report was delivered on television and also appeared in newspapers.
  (D) The report did not mention that any other fruit contains Alar although the preservative is used on other fruit.
  (E) Public health officials did not believe that apples posed a health threat because only minute traces of Alar were present in affected apples.
8. A new law gives ownership of patents-documents providing exclusive right to make and sell an invention-to universities, not the government, when those patents result from government-sponsored university research. Administrators at Logos University plan to sell any patents they acquire to corporations in order to fund programs to improve undergraduate teaching.
　　Which of the following, if true, would cast most doubt on the viability of the college administrators' plan described above?
  (A) Profit-making corporations interested in developing products based on patents held by universities are likely to try to serve as exclusive sponsors of ongoing university research projects.
  (B) Corporate sponsors of research in university facilities are entitled to tax credits under new federal tax-code guidelines.
  (C) Research scientists at Logos University have few or no teaching responsibilities and participate little if at all in the undergraduate programs in their field.
  (D) Government-sponsored research conducted at Logos University for the most part duplicates research already completed by several profit-making corporations
  (E) Logos University is unlikely to attract corporate sponsorship of its scientific research.
9. Contrary to earlier predietions. demand for sugarcane has not increased in recent years. Yet, even though prices and production amounts have also been stable during the last three years, sugarcane growers last year increased their profits by more than ten percent over the previous year's leyel
　　Any of the following statements, if true about last year, helps to explain the rise in profits EXCEPT
  (A) Many countries that are large consumers of sugareane increased their production of sugarcane haved ethanel, yet their overall consurnption of sugarcane decreased
  (B) Sugarcane growers have saved money on wages by switching from paying laborers an hourly wage to paying them by the amount harvested.
  (C) The price of oil, the major energy source used by sugarcane growers in harvesting their crops, dropped by over twenty percent.
  (D) Many small sugarcne growers joined together to form an association of sugarcane producers and began to buy supplies at low group rates.
  (E) Rainfall in sugarcane-growing regions was higher than it had been during the previous year, allowing the growers to save money on expensive artificial irrigation.
10. If the county continues to collect residentialtrash at current levels, landfills will soon be overflowing and parkland will need to be used in order to create more space, Charging each household a fee for each pound of trash it putsout for collectin will induce residents to reduce the amount of trash they create; this charge will therefore protect the remaining county parkland.
　　Which of the following is an assumption made in drawing the conclusion above?
  (A) Residents will reduce the amount of trash they put out for collection by reddcing the number of products they buy.
  (B) The collection fee will not significantly affect the purchasing power of most residents, even if their households do not reduce the amount of trash they put out
  (C) The collection fee will not induce residents to durinp their trash in the parklands illegally.
  (D) The beauty of county parkland is an important issue for most of the parkland is an important
  (E) Landfills outside the county's borders could be used as dumping sites for the county's trash.
Questions 11-12 are based on the following.
Environmentalist: The commissioner of the Fish and Game Authority would have the public believe that increases in the number of marine fish caught demonstrate that this resource is no longer endangered. This is a specious argument, as unsound as it would be to assert that resource. The real cause of the increased fishcatch is a greater efficiency in using technologies that deplete resources.
11. Which of the following strategies is used in the presentation of the environmentalist's position?
  (A) Questioning the motives of an opponent
  (B) Showing that an opposing position is selfcontradictory
  (C) Attacking an argument through the use of an analogy
  (D) Demonstrating the inaccuracy of certain data
  (E) Pointing out advverse consequences of a proposal
12. The environmentalist's statements, if true, best support which of the following as a conclusion?
  (A) The use of technology is the reason for the increasing encroachment of people on nature.
  (B) It is possible to determine how many fish are in the sea in some way other than by catching fish
  (C) The proportion of marine fish that are caught is as high as the proportion of rain-forest trees that are cut jown each year.
  (D) Modern technologies waste resources by catching inedible fish.
  (E) Marine fish continue to be an endangered resource.
13. Biometric access-control systems-those using fingerprints, voiceprints, ctc., to regulate admittance to restricted areas-work by degrees of similarity, not by indentity. After all, even the same finger will rarely leave exactly indentical prints. Such systems can be adjusted to minimize refusals of access to legitimate access-seekers. Such adjustments, however, increase the likelihood of admitting impostors.
　　Which of the following conclusions is most strongly supported by the information above?
  (A) If a biometric access-control system were made to work by identity, it would not produce any correct admittance decisons.
  (B) If a biometric access-control system reliably prevents impostors from being admitted, it will sometimes turen away legitimate access-seekers.
  (C) Biometric access-control systems are appropriate only in situations in which admittance of only in situations in which admittance of impostors is less of a problem than is mistaken refusal of access.
  (D) Nonbiometric access-control systems-based, for example, on numerical codes-are less likely than biometric ones to admit impostors.
  (E) Anyone choosing an access-control system should base the choice solely on the ratio of false refusals to false admittances.
14. Although computers can enhance people's ability communicate, computer games are a cause of und developed communication skills in children. After school hours spent playing computer games are he not spent talking with people. Therefore, children who spend all their spare time playing these game have less experience in interpersonal communicati than other children have.
　　The argument depends on which of the following assumptions?
  (A) Passive activities such as watching television listening to music do not hinder the development of communication skills in childern
  (B) Most children have other opportunities, in addition to after-school hours, in which the can choose whether to play computer game to interact with other people.
  (C) Children who do not spend all of their after school hours playing computer games spent least some of that time talking with other per
  (D) Formal instructin contributes little or nothin children's acquisition of communication ski
  (E) The mental skills developed through playing computer games do not contribute significal to children's intellectual development.
15. One variety of partially biodegradable plastic beverage container is manufactured from small bits of plastic bound together by a degradable bonding agent such as cornstarch. Since only the bonding agent degrades, leaving the small bits of plastic, no less plastic refuse per container is produced when such containers are discarded than when comparable nonbiodegradable containers are discarded.
　　Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument above?
  (A) Both partially biodegradable and nonbiodegradable plastic beverage containers can be crushed completely flat by refuse compactors
  (B) The partially biodegradable plastic beverage containers are made with more plastic than comparable nonbiodegradable ones in order to compensate for the weakening effect of the bonding agents.
  (C) Many consumers are ecology-minded and prefer to buy a product sold in the partially biodegradable plastic beverage containers rather than in nonbiodegradable containers, even if the price is higher.
  (D) The manufacturing process for the partially biodegradable plastic beverage containers results in less plastic waste than manufacturing process for nonbiodegradable plastic beverage containers.
  (E) Technological problems with recycling currently prevent the reuse as food or beverage containers of the plastic from either type of plastic beverage container.
16. Commentator: The theory of trade retaliation states that countries closed out of any of another country's markets should close some of their own markets to the other country in order to pressure the other country to reopen its markets. If every country acted according to this theory, no country would trade with any other.
　　The commentator's argumetn relies on which of the following assumptions?
  (A) No country actually acts according to the theory of trade retaliation
  (B) No country should block any of its markets to foreign trade.
  (C) Trade disputes should be settled by international tribunal.
  (D) For any two countries, at least one has some market closed to the other
  (E) Countries close their markets to foreigners to protect domestic producers.
SECTION 2
Time-25 minutes
16 Questions
1. A bakery opened yesterday with its daily supply of 40 dozen rolls. Half of the rolls were sold by noon, and 80 dozen rolls. Half of the rolls were sold by noon, and 80 percent of the remaining rolls were sold between noon and closing time. How many dozen rolls had not been sold when the bakery closed yesterday?
　(A) 1
　(B) 2
　(C) 3
　(D) 4
　(E) 5
2. What is the combined area, in square inches, of the front and back of a rectangular sheet of paper measuring 8 inches by 11 inches?
　(A) 38
　(B) 44
　(C) 88
　(D) 176
　(E) 187
3. 150 is what percent of 30?
　(A) 5%
　(B) 20%
　(C) 50%
　(D)200%
　(E) 500%
5. From January 1,1991, to January 1, 1993, the number of people enrolled in health maintenance organizations increased by 15 percent. The enrollment on January 1, 1993, was 45 million. How many million people, to the nearest million, were enrolled in health maintenance organizations on January 1, 1991?
　(A) 38
　(B) 39
　(C) 40
　(D) 41
　(E) 42
6. If <1, and p and q are positive integers, which of the following must be greater than 1?
7. If a 2-digit positive integer has its digits reversed, the resulting integer differs from the original by 27. By how much do the two digits differ?
　(A) 3
　(B) 4
　(C) 5
　(D) 6
　(E) 7
8. It would take one machine 4 hours to complete a large production order and another machine 3 hours to complete the same order. How many hours it take both machines, working simultaneously at their respective constant rates, to complete the order?
9. R is the set of positive odd integers less than 50 and S is the set of the squares of the integers in R. How many eledments does the intersection of R and S contain?
　(A) None
　(B) Two
　(C) Four
　(D) Five
　(E) Seven
10. To mail a package, the rate is x cents for the first pound and y cents for each additional pound, where x>y, Two packages weighing 3 pounds and 5 pounds, respectively, can be mailed separately or combined as one package. Which method is cheaper, and how much money is saved?
　(A) Combined, with a saving of x-y cents
　(B) Combined, with a saving of y-x cents
　(C) Combined, with a saving of x cents
　(D) Separately, with a saving of x-y cents
　(E) Separately, with a saving of y cents
11. If money is invested at r percent interset, compounded annually, the amount of the investment will double in approximately years. If Pat's parents invested $5,000 in a long-term bond that pays 8 percent interset, compounded annually, what will be the approximate total amount of the investement 18 years later, when Pat is ready for college?
　(A) $20,000
　(B) $15,000
　(C) $12,000
　(D) $10,000
　(E) $9,000
12. The circle with center C shown above is tangent to both axes. If the distance from O to C is equal to k, what is the raditrs of the cirele, in terms of k?
13. On a recent trip, Cindy drove her car 290 miles, rounded to the nearest 10 miles, and used 12 gallons of gasoline, rounded to the nearest gallon. The actual number of miles per gallon that Cindy's car got on this trip must have been between
14. Which of the following inequalities is an algebraic expression for the shaded part of the number line above?
　(A) |x|3
　(B) |x|5
　(C) |x-2|3
　(D) |x-1|4
　(E) |x+1|4
15. In an electric circuit, two resistors with resistances x and y are connected in parallel. In this case, if r is the combined resistance of these two resistors, then the reciprocal of r is equal to the sum of the reciprocals of x and y. What is r in terms of x and y?
16. Xavier, Yvonne, and Zelda each try independently to solve a problem. If their individual probabilities for success are , and, respectively, what is the probability that Xavier and Yvonne, but not Zelda, will solve the problem?
SECTION 3
Time-25 minutes
20 Questions
1. What is the value of y?
(1) y is an odd integer between 28 and 34.
(2) 31<y<36
2. The price of a televsion set was reduced by 25 percent. What was its original price?
(1) The reduced price was $187.50.
(2) The original price exceeded the reduced price by more than $60.00.
3. What the remainder when the positive integer n is divided by 6?
(1) n is a multiple of 5
(2) n is a multiple of 12.
4. There friends rented a car for a week and drvided the cost cqually. What was the total cost of renting the car?
(1) If the three friends had kept the car for second week. they could have obtained the two-week rate. Which was 1.5 times the cost of a one-week rental.
(2) If a fourth friend had joined the three friends and the cost had been divided equally among the four friends, the cost to each of the original three would have been reduced by $15.
5. Is x>y?
(1) x=y+2
(2) =y-1
6. Sally gave some of her candy to her friends. How many pieces of candy did she have before giving any to her friends?
(1) Sally gave each friend 8 pieces of candy
(2) Sally had 7 pieces of candy left after giving candy to her friends.
7. What was Jean's insurance premium in 1995?
(1) The ratio of Jean's insurance premium in 1995 to her insurance premium in 1994 was
(2) Jean's insurance premium in 1995 was 20 percent more than her insurance premium in 1994.
8. What is the average (arithmetic mean) of x and y?
(1) The average of x and 2y is 10.
(2) The average of 2x and 7y is 32.
9. The figure above shows the present position on a radar screen of a sweeping beam that is rotating at a constant rate in a clockwise direction. In which of the four quadrants will the beam lie 30 seconds from now?
(1) In each 30-second period. the beam sweeps through 3,690.
(2) r=40.
10. The number of seats in the first row of an auditorium is 18 and the number of seats in each row thereafter is 2 more than in the previous row. What is the total number of seats in the auditorium?
(1) The number of rows of seats in the auditorium is 27.
(2) The number of seats in the last row is 70.
11. How many books did a librarian purchase?
(1) The librarian paid an average (arithmetic mean)
(2) The total sales tax on the books purchased was $7.
12. Is the integer n a multiple of 15?
(1) n is a multiple of 20.
(2) n+6 is a multiple of 3.
13. What is the area of rectangular region R?
(1) Each diagonal of R has length 5.
(2) The perimeter of R is 14.
14. In a certain coding scheme, each work is encoded by replacing each letter in the word with another letter. The same code is used for all words. so that the same letter replaces a given letter each time the given letter occurs. What code will result when the word TAME is encoded by this scheme?
(1) When the word MAT is encoded, the result is DLX.
(2) When the word TEA is encoded, the result is XRL.
15. A certain high school with a total enrollment of 900 students held a science fair for three days last week. How many of the students enrolied in the high school attended the science fair on all three days?
(1) Of the students enrolled in the school 30 percent attended the science fair on two or more days
(2) Of the students enrolled in the school. 10 percent of those that attended the science fair on at least one day attended on all three days.
16. What is the probability that evens A and B both occur?
(1) The probability that event A occurs is 0.8.
(2) The probability that event B occurs is 0.6.
17. If n=, where p and q are nonzero integers. is n an integer?
(1) n2 is an integer.
(2) is an integer,
18. In the rectangular coordinate system, are the points (r, s) and (u, v) equidistant from the origin?
(1) r+s=1
(2) u=10r and v=1-s
19. Is ab=1?
(1) aba=a
(2) bab=b
20. Is =3-x2
(1) x3
(2) -x|x|>0
SECTION 4
Time-25 minutes
18 Questions
Directions: Each passage in this group is followed by questions based on its content. After reading a passage, choose the best answer to each question and fill in the corrsponding oval on the answer sheet. Answer all quest following a passage on the basis of what is stated or implied in that passage.
(This passage was adapted from an article written in 1992.)
　　　Some observers have attributed the dramatic growth in temporary employment that occurred in the United States during the 1980's to inereased participation in
Line the workforce by certain groups, such as first-time or
(5) reentering workers, who supposedly prefer such arrangements. However, statistical analyses reveal that demographic changes in the workforce did not correlate with variations in the total number of temporary workers. Instead these analyses suggest that locators affecting
(10) employers account for the rise in temporary employment. One factor is product demand: temporary employment is favored by employers who are adapting to fluctuating demand for products while at the same time seeking 　to reduce overall labor costs. Another
(15) factor is labor's reduced baragining strength, which allows employers more control over the terms of employment. Given the analyses, which reveal that growth in temporary employment now far exceeds the level explainable by recent workforce entry rates of groups said to prefer temporary jobs, firms should be disccuraged from creating excessive numbers of temporary positions. Government policymakers should consider mandating benefit coverage for temporary employees, promoting pay equity between temporary and permanent workers, assisting labor unions in organizing temporary workers, and encouraging firms to assign temporary jobs primarily to 　employees who ecplicitly indicate that preference.
1. The primary purpose of the passage is to
(A) present the results of statistical analyses and propose further studies
(B) explain a recent development and predict its eventual consequences
(C) identify the reasons for a trend and recommend measures to address it
(D) outiine several theories about a phenomenon and advocate one of them
(E) describe the potential consequences of implementing a new policy and argue in favor of that policy
2. According to the passage, which of the following is true of the "factors affecting employers" that are mentioned in lines 9-10?
(A) Most experts cite them as having initiated the growth in temporary employment that occai red during the 1980's
(B) They may account for the increase in the tota number of temporary workers during the 1980's
(C) They were less important than demographic change in accounting for the increase of temporary employment during the 1980's
(D) They included a sharp increase in the cost of laber during the 1980's
(E) They are more difficult to account for than at other factors involved in the growth of temporary employment during the 1980's
3. The passage stiggests which of the following about the use of senporary employment by firms during the 1980's?
(A) It emabled firms to deal with fluctuating prouct demand far more effictentiy than they before the 1980's
(B) It inereased as a tesult of increased particip uon the workforce by certain demograp groups
(C) It was discoaraged by government-mandates policres
(D) It was a response to preferences indieated by certain employees for mere flexible workir arrangements
(E) It increased partly as a result of workers' reduced abtlity to control the terms of their employment.
4. The passage suggests which of the following abo the workers who took temporary jobs during the 1980's?
(A) Their jobs frequently led to permanent positions within firms.
(B) They constituted a less demographically diverse group than has been suggested.
(C) They were occasionaily involved in actions organized by labor unions
(D) Their pay declined during the decade in comparison with the pay of permanent employees
(E) They did not necessarily, prefer temporary employment to permanent employment.
5. The first sentence in the passage suggests that the observers mentioned in line 1 would be most likely to predict which of the following?
(A) That the number of new temporary positions would decline as fewer workers who preferred temporary employment entered the workforce
(B) That the total number of temporary positions would increase as fewer workers were able to find permanent positions
(C) That employers would have less control over the terms of workers' employment as workers increased their bargaining strength
(D) That more workers would be hired for temporary positions as product demand increased
(E) That the number of workers taking temporary positions would increase as more workers in any given demographic group entered the workforce
6. In the context of the passage, the word "excessive" (line 21) most closely correspondes to which of the following phrases?
(A) Far more than can be justified by worker preferences
(B) Far more than can be explained by fluctuations in product demand
(C) Far more than can be beneficial to the success of the firms themselves
(D) Far more than can be accounted for by an expanding national economy
(E) Far more than can be attributed to increases in the total number of people in the workforce