The Poem Written on the Chinese Moon Festival
By Manfield Zhu

How many times the moon's full since the ancient day?
Does she wonder whether the human live warmly or coldly?
When all the families celebrate their own reunion day,
Everyone drink a full cup of wine, looking at her happily.
The ancient moon's face present man has never seen;
Why does she stare at the human from the heaven?
Thousands of years, more thousands of events happen,
But no longer changeable is man's love and affection.Today the Chinese moon festival comes again;
We form new concepts to Universe with the human.
Day after day, I miss you but you are not seen;
Tonight we could share the same moon as a reunion.
(Manfield Zhu On the 15th day of the eighth lunar month 2002)

Note: On the eve of the Chinese Moon Festival, my wife and I were invited to attend the 12th Universe and Human Being Seminar of Peking, and we met some old friends and made some new ones at the meeting. From them we have learnt much more about the harmonious relationship between the universe and the human being, and simultaneously further understood the correct relationship between the objective world and the subjective world as well as how to understand the human's love sense or fated affection.

中秋节走笔
朱曼华

亘古月亮几多圆？
可知人间冷与暖？
千家万户团圆日
举杯痛饮问婵娟

今人不识古时月
古月何故照人间？
千载沧桑多少事
万世不变情与缘

中秋佳节今又是
"天地生人"续新篇
日日思君不见君
今夜与君共月圆

[于2002中秋节走笔]

【注】中秋节前夕与夫人一起应邀参加了北京第十二次"天地生人"学术研讨会，结识不少新朋，见了不少老友，与其共同探讨天地间万物与人类的和谐关系，受益匪浅，更进一步加深了对人与客观世界、人与人之间情义与缘分的理解。

Climbing in the Western Hills
By Manfield Zhu

10 years passed by, touching Ghost-Scared-Peak again,
I seek for the fresh autumn on the Double-Ninth Day.
A meandering footpath is a long ladder to the Heaven.
Step by step, as if being upwards a building's way.

The wild blossoms intoxicated in thorn-bushes,
Don't care the stream will flow to anybody.
All the slope is covered by the smoke trees
Both white clouds and red leaves are leisurely

I don't believe my life might be 200-year long
The longevity needs no short-breath but strong.
The affectionate man cannot avoid being old;
Dissolute mountains or rivers senselessly flow.

Note: The highest peak of the Western Hills (The Fragrant Hills) usually called the Ghost Scared by the local people. Years ago a military school was run in a temple as classrooms at the foot of the hills where the author was lucky to have met Marshall Zhu De of the PLA. At that time all the military school members often climbed up the peak, formally named Incense-Burner. (Manfield Zhu)

香山游记
朱曼华

十年未登"鬼见愁"
重阳来寻一色秋
羊肠小道挂天梯
一步犹如一层楼

野花醉在荆丛里
不问溪水为谁流
漫山遍野黄栌树
红叶白云两悠悠

不信人生二百年
气喘嘘嘘会高寿？
人若有情人亦老
山水无为最风流

【注】北京人常称香山最高峰为"鬼见愁"。五十年代末香山里的昭庙曾是军委总参一所军校（今日的洛阳解放军外国语学院"） 所在地。作者曾有机会在这里学习并见过朱德总司令，经常有机会爬山，攀登鬼见愁，即香炉峰。[朱曼华]