朱F基总理会见中外记者答记者问（续）

2002-9-24
   Actually，of the foreign guests received by Chinese leaders．few failed to mention the question of human rights.It seems that without mentioning the question of human rights thev would find it dillicult to justify themselves after going back.

   因此，这个问题在我向他们重复了这么多遍以后，今天实在不想再讲了。

   But after so many repetitions regarding this question of human rights，I am really very reluctant to talk about this any more today.

   就是美国国务卿奥尔布赖特最近访问中国时，我告诉她一句话。我说：“我参加争取和保障人权运动的历史比你早得多。”她说：“是吗？”

   And here I just want to mention one thing，that at my meeting with US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright during her recent visit to China，I told her that l started my struggle for the protection and preservation of human rights much earlier than she did．She asked,“Really？”

   表示她不同意我的意见。

   That shows she did not quite agree with me.

   我就说：“不是吗？”我说：“我比你大10岁，当我冒着生命危险同国民党政权作斗争，参加争取中国的民主、自由、人权运动的时候，你还在上中学呢。”

   And then I replied,“Isn’t that the case？” I said I was l0 years older than she is--when l took part in the movement for democracy，freedom and human rights against the Kuomintang government at the cost of my life，she was still in middle school.

   我说我们在人权的观点上很多是一致的，

   I also said that actually we share many similarities in the viewpoint of human rights.

   我在中学学习时就念了法国卢梭写的《社会契约论》、《爱弥尔》、《忏悔录》。人生而平等、天赋人权的观念我早就知道。

   When l was in middie school，I had already learned froin textbooks works by Rousseau of France，Emile，Confessions and The SociaI Contract，at all people are born equal and that human rights are endowed by heaven，I have actually learned of such concepts long ago.

   我们接受了中国“五四”运动的影响，“五四”运动就是为民主、科学而斗争，所以后来我们在共产党领导下一直是进行着反对专制独裁，反对反动政权侵犯人权的斗争，

   We were very much influenced by the May 4th Movement，which was a movement for democracy and science.Then under the leadership of the Communist Party of China，we struggled against dictatorship and also against human rights violations by the reactionary regime.

   我们今天怎么可能反过来去压制人权？

   So today how possibly could we just reverse our position and suppress human rights？

   而且只有我们才知道在中国如何才能够实现保障人权。

   And only we know best how we can best preserve and protect human rights in China.

   当然，我们在人权问题上并不是没有缺点，也不可能没有缺点。因为中国几千年是封建社会，还有过半封建半殖民地的历史，中华人民共和国成立只有50年，50年怎么可能把所有问题都解决？

   But l cannot say that China is perfect in human rights and it is impossible for China to be perfect in this regard，because China has a history of several thousand years of feudal society and also dictatorship．China also experienced a semi-colonial period and that resulted in a colonial mentality. It is only 50 years since the founding of the People’s Republic of China. How could we possibly resolve all problems accumulated through several thousand years of feudal rule within such a short period of 50 years？

   但是我们愿意听取各方面的意见，特别是听取我国人民群众的意见。

   But we are willing to solicit views from all sides and our people.

   我们天天都在看人民来信，研究怎样满足他们的愿望，实现他们的要求。

   We are reading letters from our people everyday and we are doing our best to satisfy their needs．

   我们也愿意听取国际友人的意见，因此我们有很多对话的渠道。我们同美国、欧盟、澳大利亚都有人权方面的对话渠道。

   We are also willing to listen to the views and comments from friends abroad.We also have al ot of channels for dialogue in human rights areas. For instance, we have diologue with the United States ,the European Union , Australia and so on..

   我们在人权方面的工作每天都有进步。

   Progress is being made every day on the issue of human rights.

   我见到很多国际友人，一见面，就掏出一单子来念，说那些都是被我们逮捕的人，要我们放了他们。中国有12亿5000万人，天天都有犯罪分子，天天都在抓人，我不知道你说的是谁，单子给我去查查好吗？

   Sometimes when I have met with friends from abroad ,as soon as we see each other ,they would just take out a list and read the names on the list, saying these are people who have been arrested for the cause of so-called pro-democracy activities and would you release them？And then l would say in China we have i．25 billion people and everv day we have criminal ofenses committed ,everyday we arrest some criminals，would you please give me the list so l can go back and look into that and to find out what is going on？

   刚刚闭幕的九届全国人大二次会议通过了宪法修正案，增加了依法治国、建设社会主义法治国家的内容。

   The just concluded sessions of congress adopted amendents to the Constitution including the adition to the Constition of rulng the country according to law and also building a socialist legal system. We are doing legislative work every day.

   我们全国人大常委会在立法，我们国务院也在立法，国务院立的法叫行政法规。

   The Standing Committee of the NationaI People’s Congress is doing legislative work every day.The State Council is drawing up adnministrative rules and regulations everyday.

   我们天天在努力健全我国的法制，保障中国人民的人权，我们会继续做下去。

   So we are improving our legal system and leslative work every day，and we are doing our job to protect the human rights of the entire Chinese people every day. And we will continue to do so.

   我们欢迎外国朋友批评我们的工作，但你不要太急了，我比你还急嘛！

   Foreign friends are welcome to criticize us in our job but do not be too impatient．Actually，I am more impatient than you are.

   你不要去支持那些民运分子，让他们回来。中国没有法治？没有民主？不是你们想的那样。

   Do not support those so-called pro-democracy activists．If these people were to return to China，then there would be no legal system，no democracy，no rule of law in China. There would not be the sitluation as you would imagine.

   日本共同社记者：日美两国同意共同研究战区导弹防御系统（TMD），这件事对日中两国友好合作伙伴关系会带来什么负面影响？观察人士说，广东国际信托投资公司倒闭案损害了包括日本在内的外国金融机构对中国的信用，您对此有何评论？还有，您任总理以后第一次访日将于何时实现？

   Japan and the United States have agreed to jointly develop the Theatre Missile Defence(THD）system. What negative impact do you think that will have on the friendly relationship and cooperation as well as the partnership between Japan and China？Some observers say that the bankruptcy of China’s Guangdong International Trust ＆ Investment Companv（Gitic）has actually made foreign financial Institutions, including some Japanese ones，lower their credit ratings for China，what is your comment on that？When will your first visit to Japan as premier take place？)

   答：我们反对TMD，尤其坚决反对把台湾纳入TMD，因为TMD不但违反了有关导弹的国际协议，也干涉了中国的内政，是对中国主权和领土完整的侵犯。

   We are opposed to TMD and we are particularly and firmly opposed to including Taiwan jnto THD，because THD would constitute a violation of international agreements on missiles and an encroachment of China’s sovereignty and territorial jntegrity as well as interference in China;s jnternal affairs.

   为什么要搞TMD？据说是因为中国在东南沿海部署了600枚导弹，而过去只有几十枚。我不知道你怎么知道中国部署了600枚导弹，因为连我都不知道！在我们的国土上部署导弹是我们自己的主权，但我们的导弹绝对不会瞄准台湾的兄弟姐妹。我们不会轻易地使用导弹，但我们不能不部署，我们希望和平统一中国，也绝对不能承诺放弃使用武力。如果那样的话，台湾将永远被分离出去。

   The reason given for the development of TMD is the allegation that China has deployed 600 missiles along the Taiwan Straits and that in the past only several dozen were deployed there. But I did not know that. How could you know that 600 missiles have been deployed？I did not know that．The deplopment of missiles falls under China’s sovereigntv and these missiles have by no means been targeted at our brothers and sisters in Taiwan. And it is not verv likely that we will use these missiles，or would treat their use very likely and easily. However，we could not but deploy the missiles．We hope to achieve peaceful reunification of the countrv. However，we cannot declare that we renounce the use of force in this regard because otherwise Taiwan would be in a state of perpetual separation from the motherland.

   美日建立TMD的另一个理由，就是说朝鲜民主主义人民共和国发射了导弹，在研制核武器，而中国没有对它施加影响。

   Another reason given for developing TMD is that the DPRK has launched missiles and js doing research and development on nuclear weapons and that China has not exerted its jnfluence on the DPRK.

   我要问：我怎么就不知道它在研制核武器。我们不知道这件事，何况它是一个独立的国家，我们怎么能干预？！

   Then I would ask how could you know that，why do I not know that？And how can we exert influence or how can we interfere in the DPRK which is an independent countrv？

   Just now l cited two underestimations,but here I think there is an overestimation of the so-called threat．

   既然世界上最先进的武器都是从美国出来的，你还害怕什么呀？

   As all those advanced weapons origjnate in the United States,then what is the need for the United States to be afraid of that, anything？

   关于广信问题，这是大家所关心的。

   On the question of Gitic,I think this is also a question of interest to many of the press correspondents here.

   广东国际信托投资公司申请破产这件事情，是中国金融改革过程中的一个个别事件。

   The application bv Gitic for bankruptcv is an individual case in the course of financjal reform in China.

   但是这件事非常重要，它向全世界发出一个信息：中国政府不会为一个金融企业还债，如果这个债务不是由各级政府所担保的话。

   But this incident is of great significance for it has sent a signal，a message to the entire world，which is that the Chinese Government wiIl not repay debts for financial institutions jf the debts are not guaranteed by the governments at various levels in China.

   这就是说，外国的银行和金融机构对这些金融企业进行贷款时，必须进行风险分析，审慎从事。

   That is to say foreign banks and financial institutions need to perform risk analysis and act prudently and cautiously in extending loans to these financial firms．

   大多数舆论都认为中国这种做法坚持了金融改革的原则，符合国际惯例。我觉得那些债权银行以及某些金融机构对这个问题的估计太悲观，就是认为中国已经发生了金融危机，没有支付能力，不讲信用。

   And I think that the view of dominant public opinion is that this Chinese approach is consistent with the principle of financial reform and international practice.

   I think some credit banks and financial institutions have been too pessimistic in their estimation and evaluation of this ncident in believing that China is experiencing a financial crisis and that China has no payment capabilities and that China is no longer creditworthy. I think that is going too far.

   中国经济保持快速发展，现在有1465亿美元的外汇储备，国际收支是平衡的，完全有能力偿还债务，问题是这种债务是不是应该由政府来偿还。

   China is maintaining rapid economic growth and has foreign exchange reserves of US $1 46．5 billion and also equilibrium in its balance of international payments.So China is fully capable of repay its debts. But the question is whether these debts should be repaid by the government．The answer is, of course，they should not．

   同时，我也认为，尽管你破产是合法、合情、合理的，你也不能随便破产，不要破出甜头来，大家都搞破产也不行。

   But here l wish to point out that although Gitic’s bankruptcy is lawful，reasonable and fair，one should not assume that one can benefit from the bankruptcy and one should not rush from bankruptcy.

   我在中学时念过莎士比亚的《威尼斯商人》，这个剧本里的商人夏洛克借给安东尼奥3000块金币，契约订明如果3个月不还，就要在安东尼奥身体的任何地方割下一磅肉。

   When I was in middle school,I read the Merchant of Venice by Shakespeare and that was translated into Chinese as One Pound of Flesh. According to that script，the merchant，Shylock，lent 3，000 ducats to Antonio. Accordjng to the contract thev signed，if Antonio failed to repay the monev in three months，Shylock would have the right to cut one pound of flesh from any part of Antonio.

   当然，现在不还债不会割你的肉，但是那个债权银行对你也不会善罢甘休。因此我想，今后不会有太多的金融机构破产，也许就没有了。

   Of course，nowadays if one fails to repay debts，he wiIl not face the risk of sacrificing one pound of flesh. But even so，credItor banks wiIl not let you go so easily. So l do not expect to see too many bankruptcies of financial firms in the future and maybe there will be none.

   但前提是各个债权银行不要逼债，不要逼它们提前偿还贷款，你逼急了，它就只好破产。

   But the precondition is that the creditor banks should not press too hard for debt repayment beforehand or in advance. If you press too hard，they would have no choice but to apply for bankruptcy.

   如果大家坐下来按照国际惯例谈一谈，采取资产重组、注资、债权变股权等办法，这个问题是可以得到解决的，你的债务也能得到偿还，它也用不着破产。

   If everybody can just sit down and have a discussion according to international practice，for instance to recapitalize the firm or to inject fresh capital into it or to swap the debt into equity，then the problem can be settled and the debts will be repaid and there is no need for the firm concerned to apply for bankruptcy.

   你刚才说，这件事影响了一些日本银行的债务，我感到遗憾。但我想大家如果共同努力的话，今后可能不会再发生这样的事情了。

   I regret that this problem has somewhat affected some Japanese banks. But l guess maybe there wiIl no longer be such a situation in the future，provided that we make joint efferts.

   关于访日问题，去年是中日和平友好条约缔结20周年，江泽民主席对日本进行了成功的国事访问，双方本着“以史为鉴、面向未来”的精神，宣布建立致力于和平与发展的友好合作伙伴关系，这是符合中日两国人民根本利益的。

   Now about your question concerning my visit to Japan. Last year was the 20th anniversary of the signing of Sino-Japanese Treaty on Peace and Friendship. President Jiang Zemin paid a state visit to Japan and the two sides agreed to take history as a guide and to work to establish a friendly relationship and co-operation for peace and development between China and Japan，I think this serves the fundamental interests of both China and Japan.

   如何落实这一联合声明，中国将尽自己的努力，我也很愿意来做具体落实的工作。至于我何时能够访问日本，要通过外交途径来商量。

   As for how to implement the joint statements signed between the two sides, the Chinese side will do its utmost and I personally am ready to do my part in this regard．But as to when l will pav a visit to Japan，that can be discussed through diplomatic channels.)

   俄罗斯《独立报》记者：一些观察人士说，现在涉及到重大战略性的国际事务中，似乎只有俄罗斯在支持中国。

   Some observers say that it seems that Russia right now is supporting China in the most strategic and important international affairs. The most obvious fact may be the position of Russia and China on TMD.

   最明显的一个例子是，中国在反对战区导弹防御系统上与俄罗斯立场非常近似。

   Does mean that someday China would like to adopt and to take more practical and specific measures to respond to TMD with Russia？

   你是否会料想有朝一日中国在反对战区导弹防御系统方面，会与俄罗斯共同采取更加实际、更加具体的措施？

   And does it mean that someday China would be much more closer to Russia than to the United States in international affairs？

   如果那样，你是否认为在国际事务中，中国将会与俄罗斯靠得更近，而不是与美国靠得更近。还有，在实施俄中签署的一系列有关文件特别是经贸协议方面，你认为俄罗斯是否有足够能力实施这些协议？

   Mr Prime Minister,do you think that Russia will be able to fulfill its obligations to China in accordance with the documents signed between the countries，especially in economics？

   答：最近我应普里马科夫总理邀请访问俄罗斯，并进行了第四次中俄总理会晤。

   At the invitation of Prime Minister of Yevgeny Primakov, I recently went to Russia for the fifth regular meeting between the Chinese Premier and the Russian Prime Mjnister.

   这次会晤是为了落实江泽民主席和叶利钦总统关于建立中俄战略协作伙伴关系的要求所涉及的具体内容。

   The purpose of the meeting was to realize the agreement as well the projects signed by President Jjang Zemin and President Boris Yeltsin which were aimed at building a strategic partnership of co-ordination between China and Russia.

   我们取得了很多成果，主要是在经济贸易合作方面签订了10几个协定。

   We made a very sjgnificant achievement, mainly in the field of economic co-operation and trade. We signed more than l0 agreements in this field，wliich is unprecedented.

   俄罗斯支持中国反对TMD，但这并不是说，而且也没有到研究如何对付TMD的时候，因此我们没有谈到这个问题。

   It is true that Russia supports China on its stand against TMD，but we’ve not discussed how to respond to TMD.

   我认为中国与美国的关系到目前为止还是很好的，双方致力于建立建设性的战略伙伴关系。我们中国与俄罗斯的关系也是很好的，双方建立了战略协作伙伴关系。

   In my opinion，our relationship with the United States has been very good so far. We are still engaged in developing a constructive and strategic partnership．So is our relationship with Russia. The two sides are working on building a strategic partnership of co-ordination.

   我可以告诉大家一个秘密：我确实在俄罗斯受到了热烈的欢迎。

   I can reveal a secret to you. I receive a very warm welcome in Russia.

   你们从电视里看到，叶利钦总统同我会见的时候把我的手拉过去放在他的胸口上，会谈结束时，还有一个你们没有看见，因为那时候记者已经退出去了。叶利钦走过来，把我紧紧抱住，我们两人贴脸啦！

   As you can see on TV，while meeting with me, President Yeltsin put my hand on his chest．Do youk now what he uttered to me？He told me that just as President Jiang Zemin is his best friend, I am also his best friend．As one belondng to a people known for its courtesy，I also put his hand on mv chest and told him that we Chinese are his trustworthv friends. In another scene you did not see,when the camera men had already left,PresidentYeltsin walked to me and hugged me,putting his cheek to mine.

   我想这无非是说明我们是真诚的朋友。

   I view this as an indication of true friendship.

   我想我这一次访问美国，也会受到同样的接待，会受到热烈的欢迎，而不是去闯“地雷阵”。也许我跟克林顿总统不会拥抱，但可能握手握得很紧，这也是一样的意思。

   l believe that upon my visit to the United States l will receive the same warm reception. I do not think I will step into a minefield.

   May be President Bill Clinton and l wiIl not necessarity hug each other，but we can shake each other’s hands very firnlly，which might be no less than a strong indication of true friendship.

   香港凤凰卫视记者：我的问题跟香港的生活与投资有关。打个比方，如果我在香港打个电话给美国总统克林顿，每分钟只要0．98港元，要是我打电话给您，每分钟就要9．8港元，是10倍的价钱。这次发现从北京打电话回香港，每分钟从原来的8．1元降到了5元。我们知道通过竞争可以降低通话费用，提高服务质量。请问总理，您用什么样的方法可以加快中国电信市场的竞争步伐？还有，现在一些外资银行已经可以经营人民币业务了，那么您认为大概最快什么时候可以全面开放人民币的业务经营？

   My question is closely related to the life of and investment by Hong Kong people. If said, I placed a phone call in Hong Kong to President Clinton of the US,it would cost me HK$0.98 per minute.Sut if I placed the call to you in Beijing ,it would cost me HK$9.8,ten times as much.This time when I came to Beijing for thess sessions，I found thati if I placed the phone call from Beijing to Hong Kong，the cost has been reduced from 8.1 yuan to 5 yuan per minute. This shows that competition can help reduce the cost of the phone calls and also can help improve the quality of services. So my question is what measures do you plan to adopt to accelerate the competition in the telecommunications sector in China？My second question is some foreign banks are now already allowed to be engaged in renminbi business，so how soon wiII China totally open renminbi business to foreign banks?

   答：中国电信业务正在降价，降得还不够，还要继续降价，办法就是引进竞争。首先，我们正在改革中国电信业体制，一个重要原则就是打破垄断，鼓励竞争。第二，有步骤地开放中国的电信市场，让外国资本进入中国的电信市场。

   Indeed，China Telecom is reducing prices. But l do not think the reduction is far enough. I think the price should be reduced continuously and over several times．The way for that is to introduce competition.Now we are reforming the system of China’s telecommunications industrv and trying to break the monopoly and encourage competition. Secondly，we should open the Chinese telecommunications market to foreign investors.

   我们也将让外国银行在中国经营人民币业务。具体的细节现在没法谈，反正是要逐步开放。香港银行家赶快申请，申请得越早，批准得越快。

   And we will also open renminbi busihess to foreign banks in Chna. But as for details, I am not in the position to talk about them here and now. The general principle is we will open up. So Hong Kong bankers should apply immediately. The earlier you apply，the sooner you will get approval.

   英国《金融时报》记者：在您访问美国期间或是在访问美国之后几个月，中美在有关中国加入世贸组织方面，达成协议的可能性有多大？考虑到现在中美之间的关系有所恶化，中美之间达成协议的可能性是增加了还是减少了？另外，在中国看来，开放市场、引入外国的竞争，最困难的是哪些领域？

   Could you tell us what the chances are China and the United States to reach an agreement on China’s entry into the WTO either when you visit Washington or sometime later in the month following？Are these chances increased or reduced by the current deterioration in relations between China and the United States ? Are what are the main areas of difficulty from China’s point of view in opening your market to foreign competition？

   答：中国进行恢复GATT（关贸总协定）的地位和进入WTO（世贸组织），已经谈判了13年，黑头发都谈成了白头发了，该结束这个谈判了。现在存在这种机遇。

   Thirteen years have passed since China started its negotiations first for resuming contracting-party status in Gatt and then for applying for WTO membership.The black hair has turned grey. So now it is time to conclude such negotiations．Now for that there are conditions and possibilities.

   是加入了WTO的国家知道没有中国的参加，WTO就没有代表性，就是忽视了中国这个潜在的最大市场。

   First，the WTO member states have come to realize that a WTO without China will not be representative enough and that the WTO would have neglected China，the 1argest potential market in the world．

   是中国改革开放的深入和积累的经验，使我们对加入WTO的条件所可能带来的一些问题提高了监管能力和承受能力。

   Second，with the deepening of reform and opening wider to the outside world as well as the accumulation of experience in this regard，China has alreadv strengthened its supervision and regulation as well as its capability and sustainability with regard to some problems that could arise after China joins the WTO.

   因此，中国也准备作出最大的让步。

   So China is prepared to make the biggest concessions within its abilities．

   最近，我们与美国以及欧盟等国家进行了认真的谈判，双方的差距正在缩小，但是还有相当大的差距。

   Recently China conducted serious negotiations with the United States and the European Union in this regard．The gap between the positions of China and its partners is narrowing. But there remains a considerable gap.

   只要双方从大局出发，从促进国际市场的繁荣和稳定出发，大家都作一点让步，那么达成协议很有希望的。

   As long as the two sides can make concessions based on the larger interest and out of,the large interest of promoting prosperity and stabilitv in respect of the world market and trade.I am very hopeful that we will be able to reach an agreement.

   1998年3月19日，新任中国总理朱F基在人民大会堂三楼举行了上任以来的第一个记者会。当时朱F基的一番豪言壮语，至今叫人难以忘怀。

   这一次朱F基在老地方再次向中外记者展示他诙谐幽默、反应灵敏、坦诚务实的个人风格和魅力。在回答问题时，几乎每题都有佳句出口，惹来一片掌声雷动。

   回答问题的人幽默，听者也为之所动。朱F基就是有这种魅力。