Jiang Zemin's Opening Remarks on Meeting the Press with Bush

2002-9-6
   First of all, on behalf of the Chinese government and the Chinese people, I would like to express my warm welcome to President Bush's visit to China.
   This is my second meeting with President Bush. Four months ago, we had a successful meeting during the APEC meetings in Shanghai.

   In our talks today, President Bush and I reviewed 30 years of Sino-US relations and had in-depth discussions on bilateral relations and the current international situation. We have reached consensus on many important issues and achieved positive results in many areas.

   We hold the common view that, faced with the current complicated and constantly changing international situation, China and the United States, two countries with an important influence in the world, should reinforce their dialogues and cooperation, appropriately handle differences and jointly promote the development of Sino-US constructive cooperation relations.

   We agree to reinforce high-level strategic dialogues and contacts at different levels and between different departments, so as to increase mutual understanding and mutual trust. With thanks and pleasure, I accepted President Bush's invitation to visit the United States before attending APEC meetings in October this year in Mexico. At the invitation of Vice President Cheney, Vice President Hu Jintao will visit the United States in the near future.

   We agree to actively carry out exchanges and cooperation in economic and trade, energy, science and technology, environment protection, prevention and treatment of AIDS, law enforcement and other fields, hold strategic dialogues on regional economic and financial issues, and will convene three joint meetings within this year on economy, trade, and science and technology respectively.

   President Bush and I also had an in-depth discussion on the international anti-terror campaign, and agreed to step up consultations and cooperation in this regard on a two-way and mutually beneficial basis, and reinforce medium- and long-term mechanisms for anti-terror exchanges and cooperation between the two countries. We also exchanged views on a series of important international and regional issues, and decided to step up communication and coordination.

   Appropriately handling the Taiwan question is the key to ensuring a steady development of Sino-US relations. I explained to President Bush the Chinese government's basic position of " peaceful reunification; one country, two systems" regarding the settlement of the Taiwan question. President Bush stressed that the US side will adhere to the One China policy and observe the three Sino-US joint communiques. During the talks we both expressed opposition to "Taiwan independence" and the hope of solving the Taiwan question peacefully.

   China and the United States have different conditions, and the existence of some differences is normal. President Bush and I discussed these problems candidly. As long as we both adhere to the spirit of mutual respect, equality, and seeking common ground while reserving differences, we could continuously reduce differences, have consensus on a broader range of issues and promote cooperation between the two countries.

   I wish and believe that my meeting with President Bush will have a positive impact on the improvement and development of Sino-US relations.

江主席同布什总统举行联合记者招待会致开场白 (2002/02/21)

总统先生，女士们，先生们：

   首先，我代表中国政府和人民，对布什总统来华访问表示热烈欢迎。
   这是我与布什总统的第二次会晤。4个月前，我们在上海亚太经合组织会议期间进行了成功的会晤。

   在今天的会谈中，我与布什总统回顾了中美关系30年来的历程，深入讨论了双边关系和当前国际形势，达成了许多重要共识，取得了多方面的积极成果。

   双方一致认为，在当前复杂多变的国际形势下，中美作为对世界有重要影响的两个国家，应当加强对话与合作，妥善处理分歧，共同推动中美建设性合作关系进一步向前发展。

   双方同意加强高层战略对话以及各级别、各部门之间的接触，以利增进了解和互信。我感谢并愉快地接受了布什总统的邀请，将于今年10月到墨西哥出席亚太经合组织会议前访问美国。应切尼副总统邀请，胡锦涛副主席将于近期访美。

   双方同意积极开展经贸、能源、科技、环保、艾滋病防治、执法等领域的交流与合作，就地区经济金融问题进行战略对话，并于年内举行经济、商贸和科技三个联委会会议。

   我和布什总统还深入讨论了国际反恐斗争的形势，同意在双向、互利基础上加强磋商与合作，充实两国中长期反恐交流与合作机制。双方还就一系列重大国际、地区问题交换了看法，并决定加强沟通与协调。

   妥善处理台湾问题是保证中美关系稳定发展的关键。我向布什总统阐述了中国政府解决台湾问题的"和平统一、一国两制"的基本方针，布什总统强调坚持一个中国政策、遵守中美三个联合公报的必要性。在会谈中双方都表达了反对"台独"、和平解决台湾问题的愿望。

   中美两国国情不同，存在一些分歧是正常的。我和布什总统开诚布公地讨论了这些问题。只要双方本着相互尊重、平等相待、求同存异的精神，就能不断缩小分歧，扩大共识，推进两国的合作。

   我希望并相信，这次会晤对中美关系的改善和发展将产生积极的影响。