WHATEVER LOVE MEANS
―DIANA

   Although neither nor them remembered the occasion, Diana first met her future husband when she was just a baby. It happened during the winter of 1961, when twelve-year-old Charles, Prince of Wales, was visiting his mother’s Sandringham retreat.
   At the time, your Prince Charles barely glanced at the tiny baby sleeping in her cot. After all, bow could a twelve-year-old boy be interested in babies?
   But the Prince would eventually take a very keen interest in this particular baby ―it would just take some time.
   In fact, it would be sixteen years before Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer took place in the middle of a farmer’s field during a shooting party in November 1977.
   It was a cold, rainy, bleak afternoon when sixteen-year-old Diana, dressed in a borrowed parka that was too large for her, boots, and blue jeans, crossed the field to meet the heir to the British throne.
   It was almost twilight when the two came face to face near Nobottle Woods.
  “What a sad man,” Diana thought when she first saw him. The future Princess was intrigued to finally meet the most eligible bachelor in England, thought she was not impressed with his five-foot-ten-inch height, thinking to herself that she would tower over him in high heels. But Diana would later say that she admired his beautiful blue eyes.
   The Prince later remarked that he thought Diana was “a very jolly and attractive” girl, “full of fun,” though Diana herself believed that “he barely noticed me at all.”
   Diana, it was discovered later, first came to the attention of the royal family when she acted as a bridesmaid for her sister Jane’s wedding that April. It was the first major social occasion that Diana attended as a young woman. And many of the royals were surprised at how beautiful and mature the once gawky girl had become.
   Even the Queen Mother. Prince Charles’s grandmother, noticed Diana’s beauty, grace, and charm. She complimented the Earl on the fine job he had done in bringing Diana up.
   A short time later, Prince Charles sent his valet to hand-deliver a formal invitation for Diana to accompany him that very evening to the opera and a late night dinner at the palace.
   Though she was flustered, and the invitation came at such short notice, Diana accepted. She and her roommate, Carolyn Bartholomew, hurried to dress and prepare  Diana for her big date. The evening was a success, and an invitation to party on the royal yacht came soon after……
   Although she was intimidated by the crowd at Balmoral, Diana was wise enough not to stay in the castle itself . She asked for, and was granted, an invitation to stay with her sister Jane and her young husband at their cottage on the Balmoral estate.
   The Prince visited Diana there every day, offering to escort her to a barbecue, or extending an invitation for a long walk in the woods.
   When Charles went to Switzerland for a ski vacation, Diana missed him terribly. He called her after a day or two, and told Diana he had something important to ask her.
   He arrived home on February, 3, 1981.Three days later, he arranged to see Diana at Windsor Castle. Late that evening, while Prince Charles was showing Diana the nursery, he asked her to marry him.
   To his surprise, Diana treated his proposal as a joke, She actually giggled. But soon she could see that Prince Charles was serious. Despite an insistent voice inside her head that told her she would never be Queen, she accepted his proposal.
   Diana told Prince Charles over and over that she loved him.
  “Whatever love means.” was his reply.

爱就是一切――黛安娜

   尽管两人已记不清那段往事，可当黛安娜头一次见到她未来的丈夫时，还只是个孩子。那是在1961年的冬天，当时年仅十二岁的威尔士王储查尔斯正呆在夏丁汉他母亲的休养所。
   那时，年轻的查尔斯王子几乎看都没看那个睡在童床里的小不点儿。毕竟，十二岁的孩子怎么会对婴儿感兴趣呢？
   然而，这位王子最终就是对这个婴孩产生了强烈的兴趣―只不过那是后来的事了。
   实际上，查尔斯王子与黛安娜・斯宾塞女士再次相遇已是十六年后了。那次邂逅是在1977年11月的一次乡村狩猎会途中。
   那是一个阴雨绵绵，寒风刺骨的下午，十六岁的黛安娜，身穿借来的一件过大的毛皮风雪大衣，足登长靴，下身是一件蓝色牛仔裤。她正经过这片狩猎场朝着这位英国王位继承人走来。
   接近黄昏时分，二人在诺布托树木附近迎面相遇。
   当黛安娜第一眼看到王子时，心里想：“一个多么忧郁的人。”尽管黛安娜对于他五英尺十英寸的身高并不心以为然，觉得要是她穿着高跟鞋肯定会高过他，但这位未来的王妃还是期盼与英国最令人中意的单身汉见面。可是黛安娜后来说她很羡慕王子那双迷人的蓝色眼睛。
   虽然黛安娜自己认为“他根本没注意过我”，但王子后来说道，他觉得黛安娜是个“快乐而迷人的”姑娘，“很有趣。”
   人们后来发现，黛安娜第一次引起皇室的注意是在那年四月她姐姐简的婚礼上，当时她是伴娘。这是她成年后参加的第一个大型社交活动，许多皇室成员对这个当初还是个粗笨难看的丫头，现如今却出落成如此成熟美丽的女人颇感惊讶。
   就连查尔斯王子的祖母王后陛下都注意到了黛安娜的美丽、端庄和迷人。她称赞伯爵对黛安娜的精心培养。
   不久之后，查尔斯王子派随从亲手送给她一张正式的请柬，邀请黛安娜当晚陪伴他去看歌剧并出席午夜的宫廷晚宴。
   尽管黛安娜感到局促不安，且请柬来得太匆忙，可她还是接受了。她与她的室友卡洛琳・巴赛洛缪，匆匆忙忙地梳洗打扮并为黛安娜做好了去赴这个重大约会的准备。当晚非常尽兴，不久邀请她参加皇家游艇聚会的请柬又接踵而至……..
   虽然黛安娜对于拜尔马洛的众王族感到有些害怕，可她十分明智没有前往城堡。她提出请求，并得到批准，邀请她住在姐姐简和简的年轻丈夫在拜尔马洛的别墅中。
   王子每天都去那里拜访她，要么提出陪她参加户外烤肉宴，要么邀请她去树林中进行长时间散步。
   当查尔斯去瑞士作滑雪旅行时，黛安娜对他朝思暮想。查尔斯到那里一两天后就打电话给她，告诉黛安娜他回英格兰后，要问她一些重要的事情。
   1981年2月3日他回来了。三天后，他安排在温莎堡见黛安娜。那天晚上，当查尔斯王子陪黛安娜参观育婴室的时候，他向她求婚。
   令王子惊讶的是，黛安娜把他的求婚当作了一个玩笑。她咯咯地笑起来。但不久后她看得出查尔斯王子是认真的。尽管她的脑海中一直有个声音告诫她不要想着去当王妃，可她还是接受了王子的请求。
   黛安娜一遍又一遍地对王子说她爱他。
  “爱就是一切，”王子答道。

The　Dreamer
追梦人

Go with your passion.It has been said that who see the invisible can do the impossible.

原文
   When I was nine years old living in a small town in North Carolina I found an ad for selling greeting cards in the back of a children's magazine． I thought to myself I can do this． I begged my mother to let me send for the kit． Two weeks later when the kit arrived， I ripped off the brown paper wrapper， grabbed the cards and dashed from the house． Three hours later． I returned home with no card and a pocket full of money proclaiming，“Mama．all the people couldn't wait to buy my cards！” A salesperson was born．
   When I was twelve years old， my father took me to see Zig Zigler．I remember sitting in that dark auditorium listening to Mr.Zigler raise everyone's spirits up to the ceiling，I left there feeling like I could do anything．
   When we got to the car，I turned to my father and said．“Dad．I want to make people feel like that．” My father asked me what I meant．" I want to be a motivational speaker just like Mr． Zigler，” I replied． A dream was born．
   Recently， I began pursuing my dream of motivating others． After a four-year relationship with a major furtune 100 company beginning as a sales trainer and ending as a regional sales manager， I left the company at the height of my career， Many people were astounded that I would leave after earning a six-figure income． And they asked why I would risk everything for a dream．
   I made my decision to start my own company and leave my secure position after attending a regional sales meeting． The vice-president of our company delivered a speech that changed my life． He asked us,“If a genie would grant you three wishes what would they be？”After giving us a moment to write down the three wishes．he then asked us," why do you need a genie?"I would never forget the empowerment I felt at that moment．
   I realized that everything I had accomplished一the graduate degree， the successful sales career， speaking engagements， training and managing for a fortune l00 company had prepared me for this moment． I was ready and did not need a genie's help to become a motivational speaker．
   When I tearfully told my boss my plans this incredible leader whom Irrespect so much replied,"Precede with reckless abandon and you will be successful“
   Having made that decision， I was immediately tested． One week after I gave notice， my husband was laid off from his job． We had recently bought a new home and needed both incomes to make the monthly mortgage payment and now we were done to no income． It was tempting to turn back to my former company， knowing they wanted me to stays but l was certain that if I went back，I would never leave．I decided I still wanted to move forward rather than end up with a mouth full of "if onlys" later on．A motivational speaker was born．
   When l held fast to my dream， even during the tough times． The miracles really began to happen． In a short time period my husband found a better job． We didn't miss a mortgage payment．And I was able to book several speaking engagements with new clients．I discovered the incredible power of dreams．
   I loved my old job,my peers and the company I left， but it was time to get on with my dream． To celebrate my success I had a local artist paint my new office as a garden． At the top of one wall she stenciled,“ The world always makes way for the dreamer．”

译文
   我九岁的时候住在北卡罗来纳州的一个小镇上，一次在一本儿童杂志的背面发现了一则招聘明信片推销员的广告。我对自己说，我能干这事。我恳求妈妈让我去叫人送来全套货物。两个星期后，货送来了，我一把撕下明信片上棕色的包装纸，冲出了家门，三个小时后，我的卡片已一张不剩，倒是装着满满一口袋钱回到了家，大叫：“妈妈，所有的人都迫不及待地想要买我的卡片！”一个推销员诞生了。
   我十二岁的时候，父亲带我去见齐格・齐格勒先生，我还记得当时坐在昏暗的礼堂里听着齐格勒先生的演说，他把每个人都说得热情高涨、跃跃欲试，离开的时候我觉得自己可以做任何事情。我们上了车，我转向父亲对他说道：“爸爸，我也想让人们这样。”爸爸问我的话是什么意思。“我想当一个象齐格勒先生这样的动员演说者。”我回答道。一个梦想诞生了。
   最近，我开始鼓舞他人，努力实现自己的梦想。在此之前的四年里，我在一个拥有100家公司的财团做事，从一个销售培训者做到地区销售经理，在我事业达到颠峰时我离开了这家公司。许多人都十分惊讶，在收入达到六位数时我却选择了离开。他们问我为什么要为了梦想而去冒险？
   我是在参加了一次地区销售会议后，才拿定主意离开自己的安全港湾，去开自己的公司的。在那次会议上，我们公司的副总裁做了一次演说，从而改变了我的命运。他问我们：“如果一个神仙会满足你的三个愿望，那么你将会希望得到什么?” 他让我们写下自己的愿望，然后问我们：“为什么你们会需要神仙呢？”在那一刻，我永远也忘不了这句话对我的震憾。
   我意识到，我有了毕业证书、成功的销售经验、做过无数演讲，为一家拥有100个公司的财团做过销售培训和管理工作---所有这一切都使我为这一刻做好了准备。我准备好了去成为一名动机演说者，不需要神仙的帮助。
   当我眼泪汪汪地告诉老板我的计划时，这个我十分尊重的领导，令人难以置信地答道：“勇往向前吧！你一定能够成功。”
   我决意刚定，就遭受了考验，我辞职的一个星期后，丈夫也失业了。我们刚刚买了一座新房子，需要双方的工资来付清每个月的抵押贷款，但现在我们却一分收入也没有了。这时我想回公司去，知道他们仍想要我，可是我知道一旦回去就再也出不来了，我决定继续前进，决不做一个满口“如果”、只说不做的人，一个动机演说者诞生了。
　 我紧紧追随着我的梦想。甚至在最艰苦的时期也不放弃，然后奇迹果真开始出现。短短的时间内，我丈夫找到了一份更好的工作，我们没有拖欠任何一个月的抵押贷款，我也开始有新客户预约演说。我发现了梦想不可思议的力量。我热爱我过去的工作、我的同事和我离开的那家公司，但是，我实现梦想的时机已经成熟了。为了庆祝我的成功、我请当地一位艺术家将我的新办公室漆成了一座花园，在一面墙的顶端，她刷下了这样一句话：“这个世界永远属于追梦的人。”