美国总统克林顿在白宫发表离职演说全文

Person of the Year: George W. Bush

　　美国东部时间1月18日晚间8时(北京时间1月19日上午9点)，即将离任的美国总统克林顿发表了电视讲话，对他8年任期美国社会、经济各方面的发展作出总结。全文如下：

　　同胞们，今晚是我最后一次作为你们的总统，在白宫椭圆形办公室向你们做最后一次演讲。

　　我从心底深处感谢你们给了我两次机会和荣誉，为你们服务，为你们工作，和你们一起为我们的国家进入21世纪做准备。这里，我要感谢戈尔副总统，我的内阁部长们以及所有伴我度过过去8年的同事们。现在是一个极具变革的年代，你们为迎接新的挑战已经做好了准备。是你们使我们的社会更加强大，我们的家庭更加健康和安全，我们的人民更加富裕。

　　同胞们，我们已经进入了全球信息化时代，这是美国复兴的伟大时代。

　　作为总统，我所做的一切---每一个决定，每一个行政命令，提议和签署的每一项法令，都是在努力为美国人民提供工具和创造条件，来实现美国的梦想，建设美国的未来---一个美好的社会，繁荣的经济，清洁的环境，进而实现一个更自由、更安全、更繁荣的世界。

　　借助我们永恒的价值，我驾驭了我的航程。机会属于每一个美国公民；(我的)责任来自全体美国人民；所有美国人民组成了一个大家庭。我一直在努力为美国创造一个新型的政府：更小、更现代化、更有效率、面对新时代的挑战充满创意和思想、永远把人民的利益放在第一位、永远面向未来。

　　我们在一起使美国变得更加美好。我们的经济正在破着一个又一个的记录，向前发展。我们已创造了2200万个新的工作岗位，我们的失业率是30年来最低的，老百姓的购房率达到一个空前的高度，我们经济繁荣的持续时间是历史上最长的。

　　我们的家庭、我们的社会变得更加强大。3500万美国人曾经享受联邦休假，800万人重新获得社会保障，犯罪率是25年来最低的，1000多万美国人享受更多的入学贷款，更多的人接受大学教育。我们的学校也在改善。更高的办学水平、更大的责任感和更多的投资使得我们的学生取得更高的考试分数和毕业成绩。

　　目前，已有300多万美国儿童在享受着医疗保险，700多万美国人已经脱离了贫困线。全国人民的收入在大幅度提高。我们的空气和水资源更加洁净，食品和饮用水更加安全。我们珍贵的土地资源也得到了近百年来前所未有的保护。

　　美国已经成为地球上每个角落促进和平和繁荣的积极力量。

　　我非常高兴能于此时将领导权交给新任总统，强大的美国正面临未来的挑战。

　　今晚，我希望大家能从以下3点审视我们的未来：第一，美国必须保持它的良好财政状况。通过过去4个财政年度的努力，我们已经把破纪录的财政赤字变为破纪录的盈余。并且，我们已经偿还了6000亿美元的国债，我们正向10年内彻底偿还国家债务的目标迈进，这将是1835年以来的第一次。

　　只要这样做，就会带来更低的利率、更大的经济繁荣，从而能够迎接将来更大的挑战。如果我们做出明智的选择，我们就能偿还债务，解决(二战后出生的)一大批人们的退休问题，对未来进行更多的投资，并减轻税收。

　　第二，世界各国的联系日益紧密。为了美国的安全与繁荣，我们应继续融入世界。在这个特别的历史时刻，更多的美国人民享有前所未有的自由。我们的盟国更加强大。全世界人民期望美国成为和平与繁荣、自由与安全的力量。全球经济给予美国民众以及全世界人民更多的机会去工作、生活，更体面地养活家庭。

　　但是，这种世界融合的趋势一方面为我们创造了良好的机会，但同时使得我们在全球范围内更容易遭致破坏性力量、恐怖主义、有组织的犯罪、贩毒活动，致命性武器和疾病传播的威胁。

　　尽管世界贸易不断扩大，但它没能缩小处于全球经济繁荣中的我们同数十亿处于死亡边缘的人们之间的距离。

　　要解决世界贫富两极分化需要的不是同情和怜悯，而是实际行动。贫穷有可能被我们的漠不关心激化而成为火药桶。

　　托马斯-杰斐逊在他的就职演说中告诫我们结盟的危害。但是，在我们这个时代，美国不能，也不可能使自己脱离这个世界。如果我们想把我们共有的价值观赋予这个世界，我们必须共同承担起这个责任。

　　如果20世纪的历次战争，尤其是新近在科索沃地区和波斯尼亚爆发的战争，能够让我们得到某种教训的话，我们从中得到的启示应是：由于捍卫了我们的价值观并领导了自由和和平的力量，我们才达到了目标。我们必须坚定勇敢地拥抱这个信念和责任，在语言和行动上与我们的同盟者们站在一起，领导他们按这条道路前进；循着在全球经济中以人为本的观念，让不断发展的贸易能够使所有国家的所有人受益，在全世界范围内提高他们的生活水平和实现他们的梦想。

　　第三，我们必须牢记如果我们不团结一致，美国就不能领先世界。随着我们变得越来越多样化，我们必须更加努力地团结在共同价值观和共同人性的旗帜下。

　　我们要加倍努力地工作，克服生活中存在的种种分歧。于情于法，我们都要让我们的人民受到公正的待遇，不论他是哪一个民族、信仰何种宗教、什么性别或性倾向，或者何时来到这个国家。我们时时刻刻都要为了实现先辈们建立高度团结的美利坚合众国的梦想而奋斗。

　　希拉里、切尔西和我同美国人民一起，向即将就任的布什总统、他的家人及美国新政府致以衷心的祝福，希望新政府能够勇敢面对挑战，并高扛自由大旗在新世纪阔步前进。

　　对我来说，当我离开总统宝座时，我充满更多的理想，比初进白宫时更加充满希望，并且坚信美国的好日子还在后面。

　　我的总统任期就要结束了，但是我希望我为美国人民服务的日子永远不会结束。在我未来的岁月里，我再也不会担任一个能比美利坚合众国总统更高的职位、签订一个比美利坚合众国总统所能签署的更为神圣的契约了。当然，没有任何一个头衔能让我比作为一个美国公民更为自豪的了。

　　谢谢你们！愿上帝保佑你们！愿上帝保佑美国！


FAREWELL ADDRESS BY PRESIDENT CLINTON

8:00 P.M. January 18, 2001

　　THE PRESIDENT: My fellow citizens, tonight is my last opportunity to speak to you from the Oval Office as your President. I amprofoundly grateful to you for twice giving me the honor to serve -- towork for you and with you to prepare our nation for the 21st century.

　　And I'm grateful to Vice President Gore, to my Cabinet Secretaries, and to all those who have served with me for the last eight years.

　　This has been a time of dramatic transformation, and you have risen to every new challenge. You have made our social fabric stronger,our families healthier and safer, our people more prosperous. You, the　American people, have made our passage into the global information age an　era of great American renewal.

　　In all the work I have done as President -- every decision I have made, every executive action I have taken, every bill I have proposed and　signed, I've tried to give all Americans the tools and conditions to build　the future of our dreams in a good society, with a strong economy, a　cleaner environment, and a freer, safer, more prosperous world.

　　I have steered my course by our enduring values -- opportunity for all, responsibility from all, a community of all Americans. I have　sought to give America a new kind of government, smaller, more modern, more　effective, full of ideas and policies appropriate to this new time, always　putting people first, always focusing on the future.

　　Working together, America has done well. Our economy is breaking records, with more than 22 million new jobs, the lowest unemployment in 30　years, the highest home ownership ever, the longest expansion in history.

　　Our families and communities are stronger. Thirty-five million Americans have used the Family Leave law; 8 million have moved off welfare.Crime is at a 25-year low. Over 10 million Americans receive more collegeaid, and more people than ever are going to college. Our schools arebetter. Higher standards, greater accountability and larger investments　have brought higher test scores and higher graduation rates.

　　More than 3 million children have health insurance now, and more than 7 million Americans have been lifted out of poverty. Incomes are rising across the board. Our air and water are cleaner. Our food and drinking water are safer. And more of our precious land has been preserved　in the continental United States than at any time in a hundred years.

　　America has been a force for peace and prosperity in every corner of the globe. I'm very grateful to be able to turn over the reins of leadership to a new President with America in such a strong position to　meet the challenges of the future.

　　Tonight I want to leave you with three thoughts about our future. First, America must maintain our record of fiscal responsibility.

　　Through our last four budgets we've turned record deficits to record surpluses, and we've been able to pay down $600 billion of our national debt, on track to be debt-free by the end of the decade for the　first time since 1835. Staying on that course will bring lower interest　rates, greater prosperity, and the opportunity to meet our big challenges.If we choose wisely, we can pay down the debt, deal with the retirement of　the baby boomers, invest more in our future, and provide tax relief.

　　Second, because the world is more connected every day, in every way, America's security and prosperity require us to continue to lead in　the world. At this remarkable moment in history, more people live in　freedom than ever before. Our alliances are stronger than ever. People　all around the world look to America to be a force for peace and　prosperity, freedom and security.

　　The global economy is giving more of our own people and billions around the world the chance to work and live and raise their families with　dignity. But the forces of integration that have created these good　opportunities also make us more subject to global forces of destruction --to terrorism, organized crime and narco trafficking, the spread of deadly　weapons and disease, the degradation of the global environment.

　　The expansion of trade hasn't fully closed the gap between those of us who live on the cutting edge of the global economy and the billions　around the world who live on the knife's edge of survival. This global gap　requires more than compassion; it requires action. Global poverty is a　powder keg that could be ignited by our indifference.

　　In his first inaugural address, Thomas Jefferson warned of entangling alliances. But in our times, America cannot, and must not, disentangle itself from the world. If we want the world to embody our shared values, then we must assume a shared responsibility.

　　If the wars of the 20th century, especially the recent ones in Kosovo and Bosnia, have taught us anything, it is that we achieve our aims　by defending our values, and leading the forces of freedom and peace. We　must embrace boldly and resolutely that duty to lead -- to stand with our　allies in word and deed, and to put a human face on the global economy, so　that expanded trade benefits all peoples in all nations, lifting lives and　hopes all across the world.

　　Third, we must remember that America cannot lead in the world unless here at home we weave the threads of our coat of many colors into　the fabric of one America. As we become ever more diverse, we must work　harder to unite around our common values and our common humanity. We must　work harder to overcome our differences, in our hearts and in our laws. We　must treat all our people with fairness and dignity, regardless of their　race, religion, gender or sexual orientation, and regardless of when they　arrived in our country; always moving toward the more perfect union of our　founders' dreams.

　　Hillary, Chelsea and I join all Americans in wishing our very best to the next President, George W. Bush, to his family and his administration, in meeting these challenges, and in leading freedom's marchin this new century.

　　As for me, I'll leave the presidency more idealistic, more full of hope than the day I arrived, and more confident than ever that America'sbest days lie ahead.

　　My days in this office are nearly through, but my days of service, I hope, are not. In the years ahead, I will never hold a position　higher or a covenant more sacred than that of President of the United　States. But there is no title I will wear more proudly than that of　citizen.

　　Thank you. God bless you, and God bless America.

　　END 8:10 P.M. EST