Madame Butterfly

   Opera in three acts by G. Puccini, Libretto by G. Giacosa and L. Illica. First performance: Milan, 1904.

   Characters: Cio-cio-San, called Madama Butterfly (soprano) ; Suzuki, her servant (mezzo-soprano); B.F.Pinkerton, Lieutenant, U.S. Navy (tenor); Sharpless, U.S. Consul (baritone) ; Goro, marriage Pinkerton (mezzo-soprano); Cio-cio-san's child (silent).Nagasaki, at the turn of the century

   Act I: Lieutenant Pinkerton, Making last-minute arrangements for his wedding, is shown through his new house overlooking the harbor of Nagasaki by Goro, the marriage broker, Three servants, including the maid Suzuki, are introduced.

   Sharpless, the Consul,arrives. As he sits down for a drink with Pinkerton, the young Lieutenant expounds the philosophy of the roving Yankee who ventures forth boldly, expecting the fairest of every land as his reward. The conversation then turns to the bride. Goro praises her beauty, and Pinkerton sends him to fetch her. The mere thought of his bride moves Pinkethon to raptures, but the kindly Consul warns him not to betray a girl who, to judge from her behavior, takes this marriage very seriously. Goro now returns,announcing the arrival of Butterfly and her companions. the girls can already be heard in the distance chattering gaily without a thought of the disaster which is beginning to unfold.

   Now the girls have reached the house, and Butterfly is ready to start a new life. She tells her freinds that she is the happiest girl in Japan, or rather in the world. When the introductions are over, the bride tells Pinkerton that she comes from a once rich family that later met with ill-fortune, whereupon she was forced to earn a living as a geisha. Soon some officials and Butterfly's relations arrive.

   Pinkerton approaches Butterfly, and she commences to unburden herself of her belongings, which she has been carrying in the sleeves of her kimono. Among them is something she does not want to show in front of all the people, but Goro gives Pinkerton a whispered explanation: it is the dagger sent by the Mikado to her father with order to commit harakiri. Now Butterfly confides to Pinkerton that she has secretly embraced Christianity, so that her fate may be linked closer to that of her husband.

   The marriage ceremony is performed. Then the officials, including the Consul, congratulate the groom and leave. All are drinking a toast to the young couple when suddenly a voice from the distance furiously calls and curses Cio-Cio-San. It is her uncle. the Bonze, who has found out about her conversion. He arrives and commands all the relations to renounce Butterfly. When Pinkerton finally intercedes, all leave, repeating the curse over and over.

   Butterfly is standing motionless and silent. her face buried in her hands. but her despair quickly gives way to childlike happiness under Pinkerton's gentle words of love. Slowly night begins to fall, and the pair remains alone. Butterfly changes into a white gown, and her new husband gently leads her onto the terrace as vows of love flow from their lips.

   Act II: Three years have passed since Pinkerton's departure, In a room of her house which looks into the garden and over the harbor, Butterfly stands rapt in thought as Suzuki prays to her Japanese gods that they may stop the tears of her mistress. Butterfly is annoyed. She has more faith in the American God-but unfortunately He does not seem to know where Butterfly lives. Her money is just about gone.and a catastrophe is imminent unless Pinkerton returns soon. Butterfly is sure that he will return. Does Suzuki not believe it? Well, Butterfly knows how it will be: One fine day we'll notice a thread of smoke arising on the sea in the far horizon... (See Butterfly's Aria).

   Sharpless, guided by Goro, pays a visit to Butterfly. In her naive joy, Butterfly gives him at first no chance to fulfil the purpose of his visit: to read to her a letter he has received from Pinkerton. Butterfly indignantly tells the Consul how, during the three years since Pinkerton's departure, the marriage broker has continually offered her suitors. At the moment it is Prince Yamadori,a very rich one. Butterfly claims that she is still married, and that, according to American law, one cannot simply leave and forget his wife as one can do in Japan.

   At last Sharpless can begin to read the letter, but when he reaches the critical words “...will you carefully prepare her... ”,Butterfly is so overjoyed that the Consul cannot bring himself to read on. With a curse for Pinkerton, he bluntly asks the girl what she would do if Pinkerton were never to return. Haltingly she stammers that she could be a geisha again, or better, she could die. When the Consul, filled with pity, suggests that she marry Yamador, her first impulse is to ask him to leave, but suddenly she runs into an adjoining room and returns with a small child. Can he forget this, she exclaims, this blue-eyed boy with blond curls? Will she have to carry him through rain and wind, begging and dancing, a geisha again? No, this shall never be, Rather than dance, she would die. Deeply moved, Sharpless promises to tell Pinkerton about his son and takes his leave.

   At this moment the cannon of the harbor is heard firing, and Suzuki hurries in, saying that it is a warship. Butterfly in great excitement looks through a telescope and recognizes Pinkerton's ship, the Abraham Lincoln. Everyone has been lying to her, she exclaims; Pinkerton is back, her love is triumphant. She orders Suzuki to gather the blossoms from their cherry tree and to bring in all the flowers from the garden so that the house may be filled with the scent of spring. Reluctantly Suzuki obeys and, with her mistress, proceeds to strew the blossoms all over the room. Butterfly puts on the gown she wore on her wedding night and motions to Suzuki to close the screen that separates the room from the terrace. In the screen she makes three tiny holes through which they can observe the expected arriveal of Pinkerton. The light is fading as they gaze into the distance.

   Act III: Night is gradually receding before the new day, but Butterfly still stands motionless, her gaze fixed on the harbor. Following Suzuki's advice, Butterfly retires for a brief rest.

   Pinkerton and the Consul knock at the door and enter. Then Suzuki sees a lady in the garden and learns with horror that she is Pinkerton's wife, Kate. Sharpless asks Suzuki to comfort her mistress and to persuade her to give up her child to Kate. Pinkerton is overcome by his memories. Reproached by Sharpless and crushed by remorse, he bids a tearful farewell to the past and departs.

   Butterfly rushes in, but does not dare ask the Consul about Pinkerton. Then she notices Kate and understands what is expected of her. Sadly she wishes Kate luck and promises to give the child to Pinkerton personally if he comes in half an hour.

   The Consul and Kate leave. Butterfly falls weeping to the ground. When she comes to, she sends Suzuki out. Then she goes to the shrine, takes the dagger, and reads the inscription on the blade: “Death with honor is better than life with dishonor.” As she raises the dagger, the door opens and Suzuki's arm is seen pushing the child toward his mother. Butterfly hugs him hystericaly, then bids him a heart rending farewell, blindfolds him, and gives him an American flag to play with. Again taking the dagger, she moves behind a screen. The knife is heard dropping. Butterfly tries to crawl toward the child as Pinkerton, ascending the hill, is heard calling her name. By the time he reaches the threshold, Butterfly is dead.

   Excerpts from Opera Themes and Plots.

蝴蝶夫人
〔美〕R.费尔纳

三幕歌剧：Ｇ.普契尼作曲；Ｇ.贾柯查和Ｌ.伊里卡编剧。
首次演出：１９０４年于米兰。

人物：巧巧桑，又称蝴蝶夫人（女高音）：铃木，使女（女次高音）；B.F.平克顿，美国海军上尉（男高音）；夏普勒斯，美国领事（男中音）；五郎，媒人（男高音）；山岛亲王（男中音）；和尚（男低音）；凯特・平克顿（女次高音）巧巧桑的孩子（无声）。

长崎，十九、二十世纪之交。

   第一幕：海军上尉平克顿来到他的新房子，为自己的婚礼作最后的安排。房子居高临下地俯览长崎港，媒人五郎带他各处看一遍。三个佣人拜见了新主人，其中有个使女名叫铃木。

   美国领事夏普勒斯光临，他坐下和平克顿喝两杯。年青的上慰大肆宣扬美国佬走遍全球到处寻欢作乐的冒险精神。话题接着转到新娘，五郎盛赞她的美貌，平克顿叫他快去把新娘请来。一想起新娘，平克顿不禁心花怒放。不过好心的领事忠告他说，切不可甩掉这个姑娘，因为从她的举止看来，她对这门亲事是非常认真的。五郎回来了，报告大家蝴蝶和女伴们来到。老远就可以听见姑娘们高兴的叽叽喳喳声，她们那知一场灾难已经揭幕。

   到屋里，蝴蝶已经准备好开始新的生活。她对朋友们说，她是全日本，甚至是全世界最最幸福的人了。见面介绍已毕，新娘告诉平克顿她娘家原颇富有，后来遭到不幸变故，于是她被迫当艺妓为生。不久，日本官员和蝴蝶的亲戚也来了。

   平克顿走近蝴蝶身旁，蝴蝶一件件拿出藏在和服两袖中带来的自家的东西。其中有一件她不愿在众人面前摆出来。五郎悄悄告诉平克顿，那是一把天皇赐给她的父亲命他剖腹自杀的短剑。蝴蝶向平克顿吐露，她已暗地里信奉了基督教，为的是使他俩的命运更紧密地结合在一起。

   婚礼在进行。礼成之后，日本官员和美国领事向新郎表示祝贺并先离去。大家正举杯向小俩口祝酒，忽然远处有恶狠狠地叫骂巧巧桑的声音。原来是她当和尚的叔叔，发现了蝴蝶叛教的事。他登门问罪，下令所有亲戚和蝴蝶断绝往来。最后平克顿出面干预，客人不欢而散，一路骂声不绝。

   蝴蝶不声不响地呆呆站着，头低低地埋在两手之中，不过在平克顿温柔而怜爱的安慰下，她悲伤绝望的神色很快就变成天真无邪的笑容。夜幕徐徐降临，现在屋里只剩下他们俩了。蝴蝶换上一件洁白的新娘服，新婚丈夫轻轻带她移步来到阳台上，两人山盟海誓，情语绵绵。

   第二幕：平克顿离家外出已经三年了。蝴蝶木然站在她家面对花园且俯视港口的那间屋子里，默默沉思着。一边铃木向日本诸神祷告，保佑她女主人别再流泪了。蝴蝶听了有些恼火。她更相信美国的上帝――不幸的是，美国上帝似乎还不知道蝴蝶住在哪里。她的钱差不多全用完了，要是平克顿不马上回来，大祸就要临头。不过蝴蝶坚信他会回来。铃木不信吗？反正蝴蝶相信这样的一天终将来临：当晴朗的一天，在那遥远的海面，我们看见了一缕黑烟……。（见《蝴蝶夫人的咏叹调》）

   夏普勒斯在五郎的陪同下来找蝴蝶。他此行的目的是要把一封平克顿的来信念给蝴蝶听，蝴蝶单纯无知，竟欢天喜地，使他一时真是难以开口。蝴蝶气愤地告诉领事，在平克顿走后的三年里，五郎怎样接二连三要给她介绍对象，眼下的求婚者是个很有钱的山岛亲王。蝴蝶声称她仍是有夫之妇，并认为根据美国法律，男的不能象在日本那样，随便离别妻子把她忘掉了事。

   夏普勒斯终于可以开始念信了，可是当他读到关键的字句“……小心让她有个准备……”时，蝴蝶欣喜万分，使得领事实在读不下去。他骂了平克顿一声，突然问蝴蝶，万一平克顿永远不回来，她打算怎么办，蝴蝶犹豫起来，吱吱唔唔地说她可以再去当艺妓，或者不如去死的好。领事十分同情她，劝她嫁给山岛亲王。她一时冲动，请他出去，但她又忽然跑进隔壁房间，带回来一个小孩。她厉声问道：难道他能忘掉这个金发碧眼的小孩？难道她得带着这个小孩风里来雨里去，边跳舞边乞讨，重当艺妓？不，这决不可能。她宁可死，也不重操旧业。夏普勒斯深受感动，走前他答应要把孩子的事告诉平克顿。

   就在这时港口一声炮响，铃木跑进来说是一艘军舰。蝴蝶激动异常地在望远镜中认出这是平克顿的军舰阿伯拉罕・林肯号。她大声说，人人都一直在骗她；平克顿回来了，她的爱情胜利了。她叫铃木摘下樱花，并把花园里的鲜花全采回来，让屋里充满春天的芳香。铃木不情愿地照办了，她们两人把花撒遍整个房间。蝴蝶穿上新婚之夜穿的那件新娘服，示意铃木关上通往阳台的屏风。她在屏风上挖了三个小洞，从洞里她们可以观看盼望已久的平克顿到来的情景。她们久久地向远方注视着，光线慢慢暗下来。

   第三幕：黑夜渐渐过去，新的一天开始了。可是蝴蝶依然纹丝不动地站着，目光盯住港口。在铃木的劝说下，她退到内室稍事休息。

   平克顿和领事敲门进来。铃木随后见到花园里有个女人，知道她就是平克顿的妻子凯特，不禁惊恐万分。夏普勒斯请铃木好生安慰她的女主人，并请她动员蝴蝶放弃孩子，交给凯特。平克顿见景生情，回忆起往事，不能自己。他挨了夏普勒斯的责备，悔恨交加，告别过去的一切，挥泪而去。

   蝴蝶冲进屋来，但不敢开口向领事打听平克顿，接着她发现了凯特，明白了对她的要求是什么。她伤心地祝愿凯特幸福，并答应要是平克顿半个小时后来，她将亲自把孩子交给他。

   领事和凯特走了，蝴蝶跌倒在地，满面泪痕。当她醒过来后，她把铃木打发出去，然后走到神龛面前取出短剑，读着刀身上的题词：“宁可光荣而死，不可苟且偷生。”正当她举起剑时，门开了，只见铃木的手把小孩推到他母亲跟前。蝴蝶发狂似地紧抱着他，悲痛欲绝地与他诀别。她把小孩的两眼蒙上。给他一面美国国旗拿着玩。她再次拿起短剑，转身走到屏风后。传来剑的落地声，蝴蝶挣扎着向儿子爬去。这时平克顿赶上山来，连声叫唤蝴蝶的名字。待他到门口，蝴蝶已经死了。

节译自 《歌剧音乐主题及剧情梗概》