GMAT全真题五---1
ANALYSIS OF AN ARGUMENT
Time-30 minutes
Directions: In this section you will be asked to write a critique of the argument presented below. You are NOT being asked to present your own views on the subject.
Read the argument and the insructions that follow it. and then make any notes in your test booklet that will help you plan your response. Begin writing your response on the separate answer sheet. Make sure that you use the answer sheet that goes with this writing task.
The following appeared in a memorandum from the Director of Human Resources to the exectuive officers of Company X.
"Last year, we surveyed our employees on improvements needed at Company X by having them rank, in order of importance. the issues presented on a list of possible improvements. Improved communications between employees and management was consistently ranked as the issue of highest importance by the employees who responded to the survey. As you know, we have since instituted regular communications sessions conducted by high-level management. which the employees can attend on a voluntary basis. Therefore, it is likely that most employees at Company X now feel that the improvement most needed at the company has been made."
Discuss how well reasoned you find this argument. In your discussion be sure to analyze the line of reasoning and the use of evidence in the argument. For example. you may need to consider what questionable assumptions underlie the thinking and what alternative explanations or counterexamples might weaken the conclusion. You can also discuss what sort of evidence would strengthen or refute the argument. what changes in the argument would make it more logically sound, and what, if anything, would help you better evaluate its conclusion.
ANALYUSIS OF AN ISSUE
Time-30 minutes
Directions: In this section, you will need to analyze the issue presented below and explain your views on it. The question has no "correct" answer. Instead, you should consider various perspectives as you develop your own position on the issue.
Read the statement and the instructions that follow it, and then make any notes in your test booklet that will help you plan your response. Begin writing your response on the separate answer sheet. Make sure that you use the answer sheet that goes with this writing task.
"Employees should keep their private lives and personal activities as separate as possible from the workplace."
Discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the opinion stated above. Support your views with reasons and/or examples from your own experience. observations, or reading.
SECTION1
Time-25 minutes
22 Questions
1. The black hole has entered the popular imagmation as an object too massive that neither light nor matter can escape its gravitational pull.
  (A) too massive that neither light nor matter can escape its
  (B) too massive for either allowing light or matter to escape its
  (C) massive enough that either light or matter cannot escape their
  (D) so massive that neither light nor matter could escape their
  (E) so massive that neither light nor matter can escape its
2. After crude oil natural gas is the United States second biggest fuel source and supplied almost exclusively from reserves in North America.
  (A) After crude oil natural gas is the United States second biggest fuel source and supplied almost exclusively from reserves in North America.
  (B) Natural gas after crude oil the United States second biggest fuel source, supplied almost exclusively from reserves in North America.
  (C) Being supplied almost exclusively from reseryes in North America natural gas, the United States' second biggest fuel source after crude oil.
  (D) Natural gas the United States' second biggest fuel source after crude oil is supplied almost exclusively from reserves in North America.
  (E) Natural gas is supplied almost exclusively from reserves in North America, being the United States' second biggest fuel source after crude oil.
3. The airline industry is cutting its lowest discount fares more widely, more substantially and earlier this year than it normally does at the end of the summer, a time during which travel usually decreases and the industry uses some lower fares for the attraction of passengers.
  (A) during which travel usually decreases and the industry uses some lower fares for the attraction of
  (B) during which travel usually decreases and therefore the industry will use some lower fares for the attraction of
  (C) in which travel usually decreases and in which the industry therefore uses some lower fares attracting
  (D) when travel usually decreases and the industry uses some lower fares to attract
  (E) when travel usually decreases and therefore the industry will use lower fares for the attraction of
4. The aristocratic values expressed in the writings of Marguerite Yourcenar place her wihin the French ciassical tradition, as does her passionate interest in history, particularly Roman history.
  (A) as does
  (B) so do
  (C) as do
  (D) so is the case with
  (E) similarly does
5. Selling several hundred thousand sopies in six months the publication of "Maple Leaf Rag" in 1989 was an instant hit helping to establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer.
  (A) Selling several hundred thousand copies in six months, the publication of "Maple Leaf Rag" in 1899 was an instant hit, helping to establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer
  (B) The publication in 1899 of "Maple Leaf Rag" was an instant hit: in six months they sold several hundred thousand copies and it helped establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer
  (C) Helping to establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer was the publication of "Maple Leaf Rag" in 1899 which was an mstant hit: it sold several hundred thousand copies in six months.
  (D) "Maple Leaf Rag" was an instant hit: it helped establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer published in 1899 and selling several hundred thousand copies in six months.
  (E) Published in 1899, "Maple Leaf Rag" was an instant hit, selling several hundred thousand copies in six months: it helped establish Scott Joplin as the preeminent ragtime composer.
6. Because paper of all kinds is the biggest single component of municipal trash, many municipalities have tried recycling to reduce the cost of trash disposal.
  (A) Because paper of all kinds is the biggest single component of municipal trash many munici-palities have tried recycling to reduce the cost of trash disposal.
  (B) Because paper of all kinds is the biggest single component in municipal trash, many munici-palities tried to recycle so that the cost of trash disposal is reduced.
  (C) Because paper of all kinds are the biggest single components in municipal trash, many munci-palities have tried to recycle to reduce the cost of trash disposal.
  (D) All kinds of paper are the biggest single components of municipal trash and so many munici-palities have tried recycling to reduce the cost of trash disposal.
  (E) All kinds of paper is the biggest single component of municipal trash so many municipalities have tried to recycle so that the cost of trash disposal could be reduced.
7. As rare as something becomes, be it a baseball card or a musical recording or a postage stamp, the more avidly it is sought by collectors.
  (A) As rare as something becomes, be it
  (B) As rare as something becomes, whether it is
  (C) As something becomes rarer and rarer, like
  (D) The rarer something becomes, like
  (E) The rarer something becomes, whether it is
8. Psychologists now contend that the way adults think and feel are determined as much by their peers in early childhood than by their parents.
  (A) are determined as much by their peers in early childhood than by their.
  (B) are determined as much by peers in early childhood as do their.
  (C) is determined as much by their early childhood peers as by their
  (D) have been determined by childhood peers as much as their
  (E) was determined as much by one's peers in childhood as by one's
9. Migraine, the most debilitating common form of headache afflicts perhaps 18 million Americans, who collectively lost 64 million workdays a year, and they cost the nation $50 billion in medical expenses and lost work time.
  (A) year and they cost the nation $50 billion in medical expenses and lost
  (B) year and thus cost the nation $50 billion in medical expenses and lost
  (C) year so as to cost the nation $50 billion in medical expenses and lost
  (D) year that costs the nation $50 billion in lost medical expenses and
  (E) year, which thus cost the nation $50 billion in lost medical expenses and
  10. Like many others of his generation of Native American leaders, Joseph Brant lived in two worlds; born into an Iroquois community and instructed in traditional Iroquois ways, he also received an education from English-speaking teachers.
  (A) Like many others of his generation of Native American leaders, Joseph Brant lived in two worlds.
  (B) Like many others of his generation of Native American leaders, living in two worlds, Joseph Brant was
  (C) Like many another of his generation of Native American leaders, Joseph Brant living in two worlds, was
  (D) As with many others of his generation of Native American leaders, living in two worlds, Joseph Brant was
  (E) As with many another of his generation of Native American leaders, Joseph Brant lived in two worlds;
11. Sales of United States manufactured goods to nonindustrialized countries rose to $167 billion in 1992, which is 14 percent more than the previous year and largely offsets weak demand from Europe and Japan.
  (A) which is 14 percent more than the previous year
  (B) which is 14 percent higher than it was the previous year
  (C) 14 percent higher than the previous year's figure
  (D) an amount that is 14 percent more than the previous year was
  (E) an amount that is 14 percent higher than the previous year's figure
12. All-terrain vehicles have allowed vacationers to reach many previously inaccessible areas, but they have also been blamed for causing hundreds of deaths injury to thousands, and seriously damaging the nation's recreational areas.
  (A) deaths, injury to thousands, and seriously damaging
  (B) deaths and injuring thousands, and serious damage to
  (C) deaths, thousands who are injured as well as seriously damaging
  (D) deaths and thousands of injuries, as well as doing serious damage to
  (E) deaths, thousands are injured, and they do serious damage to
13. Foreign investors, because of their growing confidence in their capability for making profitable investments in the United States, have been led to move from passive involvement in commercial real estate partnerships to active development of their own increasingly ambitious projects.
  (A) Foreign investors, because of their growing confidnce in their capability for making profitable investments in the United States, have been led
  (B) Foreign investors, growing confident about their capability for making profitable investments in the United States, has led them
  (C) Growing confidence in their ability to make profitable investments in the United States has led foreign investors.
  (D) Growing confidence in their ability for making profitable investments in the United States have led foreign investors
  (E) Growing confident about their capabilities for making profitable invesmentsin the United States foreign investors have been led
14. Local residents claimthat San Antonio. Texas, has more good Mexican American restaurants than any city does in the United States.
  (A) any city does
  (B) does any other city
  (C) other cities do
  (D) any city
  (E) other cities
15. If the new airboat does what it is to be doing-travel at high speeds undeterred by sandbars, crocodile-infested mudflats, or marshy hippo haunts-it could revolutionize transport on the 2,900-mile-long Congo River
  (A) If the new airboat does what it is to be doing
  (B) If the new airboat does what it is supposed to do
  (C) If it dows as the new airboat is supposed to do
  (D) Doing what is the new airboat is supposed to do
  (E) Doing what the new airboat is to be doing
16. The company is negotiating to sell its profitable credit card subsidiary, which it plans to use money from to acquire some of the mortgage-servicing operations that are being sold by troubled savings institutions.
  (A) subsidiary which it plans to use money from
  (B) subsidiary, from which it plans to use money
  (C) subsidiary,and it plans the use of money from that
  (D) subsidiary and plans to use money from that sale
  (E) subsidiary and plans the use of money from that sale
17. In the 1980's the rate of increase of the minority population of the United States was nearly twice as fast as the 1970's.
  (A) twice as fast as
  (B) twice as fast as it was in
  (C) twice what it was in
  (D) two times faster than that of
  (E) two times greater than
18. The figure of the jaguar, being a recurring symbol within Olmec art, is prominent among the hieroglyphies inscribed on a monument that was discovered in the Mexican state of Veracruz.
  (A) being a recurring symbol within
  (B) a symbol having recurred within
  (C) a recurring symbol in
  (D) having been a symbol that recurred in
  (E) recurring as it is, a symbol in
19. As the etched lines on computer memory chips have become thinner and the chips' circuits more complex, both the power of the chips and the electronic devices they drive have vastly increased.
  (A) the chips' circuits more complex, both the power of the cips and the electronic devices they drive have
  (B) the chips' circuits more complex, the power of both the chips and the electronic devices they drive has
  (C) the chips' circuits are more complex, both the power of the chips and the electronic devices they drive has
  (D) their circuits are more complex, the power of both the chips and the electronic devices they drive have
  (E) their circuits more complex, both the power of the chips and the electronic devices they drive have
20. Since savings banks have to use short-term deposits to finance long-term fixed-rate mortgage loans, they sometimes lost money when there is a rist in short-term rates and, on the other hand, they are unable to raise the rates on their mortgages.
  (A) when there is a rise in short-term rates and, on the other hand, they are unable to raise
  (B) when short-term rates rise and they are unable to raise
  (C) when a rise in short-term rates occurs and, correspondingly, there is no rise possible in
  (D) with a rise in short-term rates, and they are unable to raise
  (E) with short-term rates on the rise and no rise possible in
21. St. John's, Newfoundland, lies on the same latitude as Paris, France, but in spring St. John's residents are less likely to be sitting at outdoor cafes than to be bracing themselves against arctic chills, shoveling snow, or seeking shelter from a raging northest storm.
  (A) residents are less likely to be sitting at outdoor cafes than to be bracing themselves against arctic chills, shoveling snow, or seeking
  (B) residents are less likely to sit at outdoor cafes, and more to brace themselves against arctic chills, shovel snow, or be seeking
  (C) residents are less likely to be sitting at outdoor cafes, and more likely to be bracing themselves against arctic chiolls, shoveling snow, or to be seeking
  (D) residents, instead of their sitting at outdoor cafes, they are more likely to brace themselves against arctic chills, shovel snow or seek
  (E) residents, instead of sitting at outdoor cafes, are more likely to brace themselves against arctic chills, shovel snow, or to be seeking.
22. Unlike other arachnids, which have their nerve cells evenly distributed along their bodies, the scorpion's nerve cells are clustered in its head, like a mammal's
  (A) bodies, the scorpion's nerve cells are clustered in its heard, like a mammal's
  (B) bodies, the scorpion's head has a cluster of nerve cells, as a mammal does
  (C) body, the scorpion has a cluster of nerve cells in its head, as a mammal does.
  (D) body, nerve cells are clustered in the scorpion's head, like a mammal's
  (E) body, a cluster of nerve cells is in the scorpion's head, like a mammal's
SECTION 2
Time-25 minutes
16 Questions
1. =
  (A) 28
  (B) 32
  (C) 38
  (D) 56
  (E) 112
2. A total of x tourists were transported by bus to a certain museum. If there were y tourists on each bus, which of the following expresses the number of buses used?
  (A) xy
  (B)
  (C)
  (D) x-y
  (E) yx
3. If n is an integer, which of the following must be even?
  (A) n+1
  (B) n+2
  (C) 2n
  (D) 2n+1
  (E) n2
4. =
  (A) -4
  (B) -0.25
  (C) 0.25
  (D) 0.75
  (E) 4
5. Sixty percent of the members of a study group are women, and 45 percent of those woment are lawyers. If one member of the study group is to be selected at random, what is the probability that the member selected is a woman lawyer?
  (A) 0.10
  (B) 0.15
  (C) 0.27
  (D) 0.33
  (E) 0.45
6.The dimensions of a rectangular floor are 16 feet by 20 feet. When a rectangular rug is placed on the floor a strip of floor 3 feet wide is exposed on all sides. What are the dimensions of the rug, in feet?
  (A) 10 by 14
  (B) 10 by 17
  (C) 13 by 14
  (D) 13 by 17
  (E) 14 by 16
7. Hary started a 6-mile hike with a full 10-cup canteen of water and finished the hike in 2 hours with 1 cup of water remaining in the canteen. If the canteen leaked at the rate 1 cup per hour and Harry drank 3 cups of water during the last mile, how many cups did he drink per-mile during the first 5 miles of the hike?
8.The original retail price of an appliance was 60 percent more than its wholesale cost, If the appliance was actually sold for 20 percent less than the original retail price. then it was sold for what percent more than its wholesale cost?
  (A) 20%
  (B) 28%
  (C) 36%
  (D) 40%
  (E) 42%
9. If y is an integer, then the least possible value of |23-5y| is
  (A) 1
  (B) 2
  (C) 3
  (D) 4
  (E) 5
10. The president of a country and 4 other dignitaries are scheduled to sit in a row on the 5 chairs represented above. If the president must sit in the center chair, how many different seating arrangements are possible for the 5 people?
  (A) 4
  (B) 5
  (C) 20
  (D) 24
  (E) 120
11. If the sum of two positive integers is 24 and the difference of their squares is 48 what is the product of the two integers?
  (A) 108
  (B) 119
  (C) 128
  (D) 135
  (E) 143
12. The volume of a sphere with radius r is  and the surface area is 4r2. If a spherical balloon has a volume of 972 cubic centimenters, what is the surface area of the balloon in square centimeters?
  (A) 324
  (B) 729
  (C) 243
  (D) 324
  (E) 729
13. On a certain scale of intensity, each increment of 10 in magnitude represents a tenfold increase in intensity. On this scale an intensity corresponding to a magnitude of 165 is how many times an intensity corresponding to a magnitude of 125?
  (A) 40
  (B) 100
  (C) 400
  (D) 1.000
  (E) 10.000
14. If the perimeter of square region S and the perimeter of circular region C are equal, then the ratio of the area of S to the area of C is closest to
15. On a Saturday night, each of the rooms at a certain motel was rented for either $40 or $60. If 10 of the rooms that were rented for $60 had instead been rented for $40 then the total rent the motel charged for that night would have been reduced by 25 percharged for that night?
  (A) $600
  (B) $800
  (C) $1.000
  (D) $1.6000
  (E) $2.400
16. If n and k are integers whose product is 400. Which of the following statements must be true?
  (A) n+k>0
  (B) nk
  (C) Eithe n or k is a multiple of 10.
  (D) If n is even then k is odd.
  (E) If n is odd, then k is even
SECTION 3
Time -25 minutes
16 Questions
1. A publisher is now providing university professors with the option of ordering custom textbooks for their courses. The professors can edit out those chapters of a book they are not interested in and add material of their own choosing.
The widespread use of the option mentioned above is LEAST likely to contribute to fulfilling which of the following educational objectives?
  (A) Coverage of maternal relevant to a particular student body's specific needs
  (B) Offering advanced elective courses that pursure in-depth investigation of selected topies in a field
  (C) Ensuring that students nationwide engaged in a specific course of study are uniformly exposed to a basic set of readings
  (D) Making the textbooks used in university courses more satisfactory fromthe individual teacher's point of view
  (E) Keeping students interest in a course by offering lively well-written reading assignments
2. Mechanicorp's newest product costs so little to make that it appears doubtful the company will be able to sell it it without increasing the markup the company usually allows for profit: potential clients would simply not believe that something so inexpensive would really work. Yet Mechanicorp's reputation is bult on fair prices incorporating only modest profit margins.
The statements above, if true, most strongly support which of the following?
  (A) Mechanicorp will encounter difficulties in trying to set a price for us newest product that will promote sales without threatening to compromise the company's reputation.
  (B) Mechanicorp achieves large annual profits, despite small profits per unit sold, by means of a high volume of sales.
  (C) Mechanicorp made a significant computational error in calculating the production costs for us newest product.
  (D) Mechanicorp's newest product is intended to perform tasks that can be performed by other devices costing less to manufacure.
  (E) Mechanicorp's production processes are destigned with the same ingenuity as are the products that the company makes.
3. Companies in the country of Kollontay can sell semiconductors in the country of Valdivia at a price that is below the cost to Valdivian companies of producing them. To help those Valdivian companies. the Valdivian legislature plans to set a minimum selling price in Valdivia for semiconductors manufactured in Kollontay that is ten percent greater than the average production costs for companies in Valdivia.
Which of the following, if true, most seriously threatens the success of the plan?
  (A) The annual rate of inflation in Kollontay is expected to exceed ten percent within the next year.
  (B) Valdivia is not the only country where companies in Kollontay currently sell semiconductors.
  (C) Some Valdivian companies that sell semiconductors have announced that they plan to decrease their price for semiconductors.
  (D) The government of Kollontay will also set a minimum price for selling semiconductors in that country.
  (E) Emerging companies in countries other than Kollontay will still be able to sell semiconductors in Valdivia at a price below the cost to Valdivian companies to manufacure them.
4. An experimental microwave clothes dryet heats neither air nor cloth. Rather, it hearts water on clothes, thereby saving electricity and protecting delicate fibers by operating at a lower temperature. Microwaves are waves that usually heat metal objects, but developers of a microwave dryer are perfecting a process that will prevent thin metal objects such as hairpins from heating up and burning clothes.
Which of the following, if true, most strongly indicates that the process, when perfected will be insufficient to make the dryer readily marketable?
  (A) Metal snap fasteners on clothes that commonly put into drying machines are about the same thickness as most hairpins.
  (B) Many clothes that are currently placed into mechanical dryers are not placed there along with hairpins or other thin metal objects.
  (C) The experimental microwave dryer uses more electricity than future, improved models would be expected to use.
  (D) Drying clothes with the process would not cause more shrinkage than the currently used mechanical drying process causes.
  (E) Many clothes that are frequentyl machine-dred by prospective customers mcorporate thick metal parts such as decorative brass studs or buttons.
5. Airplane manufacturer: I object to your characterization of our X-387 jets as dangerous. No X-387 in commercial use has ever crashed or even had a serious malfunction.
Airline regulator: The problem with the X-387 is not that it, itself, malfunctions, but that it creates a turbulence in its take that cna create hazardous conditions for aircraft in its vicinity.
The airline regulator responds to the manufacturer by doing which of the following?
  (A) Charactenzing the manufacturer's assertion as stemming from subjective interest rather than from objective evaluation of the facts
  (B) Drawing attention to the fact that the manufactturer's interpretation of the word "dangerous" is too narrow
  (C) Invoking evidence that the manufacturer has explicitly dismissed as irrelevant to the point at issue
  (D) Citing statistical evidence that refutes the manufacturer's claim
  (E) Casting doubt on the extent of the manufactturer's knowledge of the number of recent airline disasters
6. Damaged nerves in the spinal cord do not regenerate themselves naturally, nor even under the spur of nerve-growth stimulants, The reason, recently discovered, is the presence of nerve-growth inhibitors in the spinal cord. Antibodies that deactivate those inhibitors have now been developed. Clearly, then, nerve repair will be a standard medical procedure in the foreseeable future.
Which of the following, if true, casts the most serious doubt on the accuracy of the prediction above?
  (A) Prevention of the regeneration of damaged nerves is merely a by-product of the main function in the human body of the substances inhibiting nerve growth.
  (B) Certain nerve-growth stimulants have similar chemical structures to those of the antibodies against nerve-growth inhibitors.
  (C) Nerves in the brain are similar to nerves in the spinal cord in their inability to regenerate themselves naturally.
  (D) Researchers have been able to stimulate the growth of nerves not located in the spinal cord by using only nerve-growth stimulants.
  (E) Deactivating the substances inhibiting nerve growth for an extended period would require a steady supply of antibodies.
7. The human body secretes more pain-blocking hormones late at night than during the day. Consequently, surgical patients operated on at night need less anesthesia. Since larger amounts of anesthesia pose greater risks for patients, the risks of surgery could be reduced if operations routinely took place at night.
Which of the following, if true argues most strongly against the view that surgical risks could be reduced by scheduling operations at night?
  (A) Energy costs in hospitals are generally lower at night than they are during the day.
  (B) More babtes are born between midnight and seven o'clock in the morning than at any other time.
  (C) Over the course of a year, people's biological rhythms shift slightly in response to changes in the amounts of daylight to which the people are exposed.
  (D) Nurses and medical technicians are generally paid more per hour when they work during the night than when they work during the day.
  (E) Manual dexterity and mental alertness are lower in the late night than they are during the day, even in people accustomed to working at night.
Questions 8-9
Walter: A copy of an artwork should be worth exactly what the original is worth if the two works are visually indistinguishable. After all if the two works are visually indistinguishable, they have all the same qualities and if they have all the same qualities their prices should be equal.
Marissa: How little you understand artl Even if someone could make a perfect copy that is visually indistinguishable from the original the copy would have a different history and hence not have all the same qualities as the original.
8. Which of the following is a point at issue between Walter and Marissa?
  (A) Whether a copy of an artwork could ever be visually indistinguishable from the original
  (B) Whether the reproduction of a work of art is ever worth more than the original is worth
  (C) Whether a copy of a work of art is ever mistaken for the original
  (D) Whether a copy of a work of art could have all the same qualities as the original
  (E) Whether originality is the only valuable attribute that a work of art can possess
9. Marissa uses which of the following techniques in attempting to refute Walter's argument?
  (A) Attacking his assumption that the price of an artwork indicates its worth
  (B) Ratsing a point that would undermine one of the claims on which his conclusion is based
  (C) Questioning his claim that a perfect copy of a work of art would be visually indistinguishable from the original
  (D) Giving reason to believe that Walter is unable to judge the quality of a work of art because of his inadequate understanding of the history of art
  (E) Proposing alternative criteria for determining whether two works of art are visually indistinguishable
10. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) - a noninvasive diagnostic procedure-can be used to identify blockages in the coronary arteries. In contrast to angiograms-the invasive procedure customarily used-MRI's pose no risk to patients. Thus, to guarantee patient safety in the attempt to diagnose arterial blockages, MRI's should replace angiograms in all attempts at diagnosting coronary blockages.
Which of the following, if true, would most support the recommendation above?
  (A) Angiograms can be used to diagnose conditions other than blockages in arteries.
  (B) MRI's were designed primarily in order to diagnose blockages in the coronary arteries.
  (C) Angiograms reveal more information about the nature of a blockage than an MRI can.
  (D) An MRI is just as likely as an angiogram to identify an arterial blockage.
  (E) Some patients for whom an angiogram pressents no risk are unwilling to undergo an MRI.
11. Naturally occurring chemicals cannot be enwly patented once their structures have been published. Before a naturally occuring chemical compound can be used as a drug, however, it must be put through the same rigorous testing progran as any synthetic compound. culminating in a published report detailing the chemical's structure and observed effects.
If the statements above are true, which of the following must also be true on the basis of them?
  (A) Any naturally occurring chemical can be reproduced synthetically once its structure is known.
  (B) Synthetically produced chemical compounds cannot be patented unless their chemical structures are made public.
  (C) If proven no less effective naturally occuring chemicals are to be preferred to synthetic compounds for use in drugs.
  (D) Once a naturally occurring compound has been approved for use as a drug, it can no longer be newly patented.
  (E) A naturally occurring chemical cannot be patented unless its effectiveness as a drug has been rigorously established.
12. A public-service advertisement advises that people who have consumed alcohol should not drive until they can do so safely, In a hospital study, however, subjects questioned immediately after they consumed alcohol underestimated the time necessary to regain their driving ability. This result indicates that many people who drink before driving will have difficulty following the advertisement's advice.
Which of the following, if true, most strongly supports the argument above?
  (A) Many people, if they plan to drink alcohol, make arrangements beforehand for a nondrinker to drive them home.
  (B) The subjects in the hospital study generally rated their abilities more conservatively than would people drinking alcohol outside a hospital setting
  (C) Some people refrain from drinking if they will have to drive to get home afterward.
  (D) The subjects in the hospital study were also questioned about the time necessary to regain abilities that do not play an important role in driving safely.
  (E) Awareness of the public-service advertisement is higher among the general population than it was among the subjects in the hospital study.
13. Investigator: XYZ Coins has misled its clients by promoting some coins as "extremely rare" when in fact those coins are relatively common and readily available.
XYZ agent: That is ridiculous. XYZ Coins is one of the largest coin dealers in the world. We authenticate the coins we sell through a nationally recognized firm and operate a licensed coin dealership.
The XYZ agent's reply is most vulnerable to the crticism that is
  (A) exaggerates the investigator's claims in order to make them appear absurd
  (B) accuses the investigator of bias but presents no evidence to support that accusation
  (C) fails to establish that other coin dealers do not also authenticate the coins those dealers sell
  (D) lists strengths of XYZ Coins while failing to address the investigator's charge.
  (E) provides no definition for the inherently vague phrase "extremely rare"
14. Both Writewell and Express provide round-the-clock telephone assistance to any customer who uses their word-processing software. Since customers only call the hot lines when they find the software difficult to use, and the Writewell hot line receives four times as many calls as the Wxpress hot line, Writewell's word-processing software must be more difficult to use than Express's.
Which of the following, if true, most strengthens the argument above?
  (A) Calls to the Express hot line are almost twice as long, on average, as are calls to the Writewell hot line.
  (B) Express has three times the number of word-processing software customers that Writewell has.
  (C) Express receives twice as many letters of complaint about its word-processing software as Writewell receives about its word-processing software.
  (D) The number of calls received by each of the two hot lines has been gradually increasing.
  (E) The Writewell hot-line number is more widely publicized than the Express hot-line number.
15. Over the last century, paleontologists have used small differences between fossil speciments to classify triceratops into sixteen species. This classification is unjustified, however, since the speciments used to distinguish eleven of the species come from animals that lived in the same area at the same time.
Which of the following if true would enable the conclusion of the argument to be properly drawn?
  (A) Not every species that lived in a given area is preserved as a fossil.
  (B) At least one individual of every true species of triceratops has been discovered as a fossil specimen.
  (C) No geographical area ever supports more than three similar species at the same time.
  (D) In many species, individuals display quite marked variation.
  (E) Differences between fossil specimens of triceratops that came from the same area are no less distinctive than differences between speciments that came from different areas.  