高一英语Unit 21

【教学内容】
Unit 21
【教学目标】
1、单词和词组：
四会：have a talk with, meaning, woodcutter, come across, cut up, homeland, before long, move on, keep on, works, master, freely, doctor, peasant, unite
三会：progress, make progress, native, force, base, revolutionary, limited,
rapid, article, praise, encourage, situation, spirit, translate, translate…
into…, university, degree, communism,  social
二会：Karl Marx, idiom, vocabulary, Belgium, Engels, manifesto
2、日常交际用语：
How are you getting on with your English lessons?
My grammar is improving, but I find idioms and useful expressions hard to learn.
Are you making good progress?
I find・・・easiest/ most difficult.
3、语法：
掌握过去完成时的用法；同时复习一般过去时。
4、语言运用：
运用所学语言，完成教科书和练习册中规定的听、说、写的任务；阅读课文 "How
Marx Learned foreign languages"和 "More information about Karl Marx"，确切理解，通过马克思学习外语一事来说明外语学习的重要性，并完成有关课文内容的练习。
【知识讲解】
1.How are you getting on with your English lessons?
你的英语学得怎么样？
How are you getting on/ along (with your work/ studies/ business, etc)?是一个常用的交际用语，用来询问对方的生活、工作、学习、生意等的情况。
eg.
How are you getting on with your studies?
你学习得怎么样？
How is your experiment getting on?
你的实验进展如何？
Do you get along well with your aunt?
你问你的婶婶相处得很好吗？
He is not an easy man to get on with.
他不好相处。
2.・・・, but I find idioms and useful expressions hard to learn.
但是我党得习惯用语和有用的词语很难学。find后面可以接多种结构作宾语补足语。
1)find+ sb.(it) +n.
eg.
You will find it a difficult book.
你会发现这是一本很难的书。
I find him a very clever man.  我发现他是个很聪明的人。
2)find+ sb.+ doing
eg.
He found a number of people already working there.
他发现许多人已经在那里干活了。
Dusk found him crying in the street.
黄昏时，有人发现他在街头哭喊。
3)find+ sb. (sth.) +done
eg.
He found the place much changed
他发现这地方有了巨大的变化。
Marx found his spoken English greatly improved.
马克思发现他的口语水平大大地提高了。
3)find+ sb. (sth.) +adj.
eg.
We found the rules easy to understand.
我们发现这些规则很好理解。
Did you find anything wrong in the article?
你们发现文章里有什么错误了吗？
4)find+ sb. (sth.) +prep. phrase (adv.)
eg.
She found herself in a different world.
她发现自己来到了一个不同的世界。
He hurried there, but found them all out.
他赶到那里，但发现大家都出去了。
3. Often the little words have meanings of their own.
(= Often the little words have their own meanings.)
那些小词往往有它自己的意义。
of one's own：自己的，自己所有的
eg.
Jack has a car of his own.
(= Jack has his own car.)
杰克有一辆属于他自己的小汽车。
They have grown up and have families of their own.
他们都长大成人了，有了自己的家了。
I wish I had a room of my own.
但愿我有自己的房间就好了。
We have got a house of our own now.
现在我们有自己的房子了。
4.・・・and he came across a woodcutter.
……他偶然遇到一个伐木者。
come across: to meet sb. or sth. by chance  偶然遇到
eg.
Perhaps I shall come across him in Shanghai.
或许我会在上海碰到他。
In the forest they came across scores of monkeys.
在森林里他们碰到了许多只猴子。
5.I'm going to cut this tree down.  我打算砍倒这棵树。
I'm cutting this tree up.   我在把这棵树劈碎。
cut down: make something fall by cutting.   砍倒
cut up: cut something into pieces   切碎
6.The woodcutter was standing next to a fallen tree, with lots of small pieces of wood in
front of him.
伐木工人站在一棵倒下的树旁，在他前面有许多碎木片。
with lots of small pieces of wood in front of him 是一种with的复合结构，由"with+
名词+介词短语"构成，常用作状语，表示伴随状态。
eg.
The dog is walking on a bridge, with a piece of meat in its mouth.
那只狗在桥上走，口里含着一块肉。
The boy stood there with his back to his father.
小孩背对着他父亲，站在那儿。
7.・・・, he was forced to leave his home land for political reasons.
由于政治上的原因，他被迫离开祖国。
force sb. to do sth.  强迫某人干某事
be forced to do sth.  被迫做某事
eg.
You mustn't force him to do it.   你不应该强迫他这样做。
Do not force yourself to write when you have nothing to say.
写不出的时候不要硬写。
In the old days many families were forced to sell their children.
旧社会很多人被近卖儿卖女。
8.In 1849, he went to England and make London the base for his revolutionary work.
1849年，他到了英格兰，把伦敦当作他革命工作的根据地。
"make"是使役动词，有下面几种用法：
A）make+n. (pron.) +do sth.
eg.
That makes me feel better.   这可使我好多了。
The peasant were made to work fourteen hours a day.
农民们被迫一天干十四小时的活。
B）make+n. (pron.) +adj.
eg.
Sit down and make yourself comfortable.
请坐，大家随便坐。
Have I made myself clear?   我的意思说清楚了吗？
C）make+n. (adj.) +n.
eg.
We made him president.我们选他当了主席。
We must try to make other people's experience our own.
我们应当设法使别人的经验成为自己的经验，
D）make+n. (adj.)+done
eg.
What made them so frightened?
什么使他们的这样害怕？
When you speak English, be sure to make yourself understood.
讲英语时一定要让人懂得你的意思。
9.He made such rapid progress that before long he began to write articles in English for an American newspaper.
他进步得非常快，不多久他就开始用英文给一家美国报纸写文章了。
句中such・・・that：如此……一致，连接一个表示结果的状语从句，such是形容词，它所修饰的名词可以是单数或复数可数名词；如果是单数可数名词，前面需加不定冠词a或an。以外，这个名词前可以带形容词，也可以不带。因此，such・・・that的句型结构可分以下三种：
A.such+a (n) (+adj.)+单数可数名词+that-clause
eg.
He was such an honest boy that he was praised by the teacher.
他非常诚实，因而受到老师赞扬。
Jimmy made such a noise that his father got very angry.
吉米大吵大闹，致使他父亲大发雷霆。
B.such (+adj.)+复数可数名词+that-clause
eg.
He had such long arms that he could almost touch the ceiling.
他胳膊很长，几乎能碰到天花板。
They are such interesting books that I want to read them once more.
这些书非常有趣，我想再读一遍。
C.such (+adj.) +不可数名词+that-clause
eg.
He made such progress that he did well in the mid-term exam.
他进步很快，期中考试取得了很好的成绩。
The firefighter showed such great courage that he was highly praised by the government.
这位消防队员表现出极大的勇气，因此受到了政府的高度赞扬。
10.In fact, his English in one of these articles was so good that Engels wrote him a letter and praised him for it.
事实上，在那些文章中有一篇他的英文写得很好，恩格斯为此曾写信赞扬他。
so・・・that也作"如此……以致"解，连接一个表示结果的状语从句。so・・・that与such・・・that的意思和句法作用相同，但是因为so (adv.)和such (adj.)的词类不同。所以so・・・that和such・・・that的句子结构也就不同。试比较：
so+adj./ adv. +that-clause （so后跟形容词或副词）
such (a/ an) +n. +that-clause （such后跟名词）
eg.
It is so hot that we do not want to go out.
It is such a hot day that we do not want to go out.
天气太热，我们都不想出去。
The film was so interesting that I went to see it several times.
This was such an interesting film that I went to see it several times.
这部电影十分有趣，所以我去看过好几次。
The house had been damaged so seriously that we had to repair it.
The house had such serious damage that we had to repair it.
这座房子损坏太严重，我们不得不修理一下。
11. However, he went to explain・・・  然面，他接着解释说……
1）比较：go on to do   继续做（另一件事）
go on doing  继续不断地做某事
go on with sth.  继续做某事（中间可以有停顿）
eg.
They went on working throughout the night.
他们整夜干个不停。
We have finished Lesson One and let's go on to learn Lesson Two.
我们已经学完了第一课，让我们接着上第二课吧。
A few minutes later, the teacher went on with the lesson.
几分钟后，教师又接着上课了。
2）be sure about/ of 的意思是"确信"、"有把握"，后面跟名词，代词或动词的-ing形式，表示某人对客观事物有肯定的认识与判断。
eg.
I'm sure of his success.   我确信他会成功。
He lives in this building but I'm not sure about the room number.
他住在这栋楼里但是房间号码我不太清楚。
As David joined our team, we are sure of winning the game this time.
因为大卫参加了我们球队，我们有把握赢得这场球赛。
be sure后除了跟about/ of介词短语外，还可以跟that/ whether/ where. 等引起的从句表示某人"确信/肯定"某事的意思。
eg.
I am sure (that) I can run faster than you.
我确信我比你跑得快。
John was not sure whether they could come or not.
约翰不能肯定他们是否能够来。
I'm not sure where I left my notebook.
我不能确定我把笔记本丢在什么地方了。
12. In the years that followed, Marx kept on studying English and using it.
在随后的几年中，马克思继续不断地学习和使用英语。
keep on doing sth: continue/ go on doing sth. 继续做某事
eg.
Although it started raining, we kept on working.
尽管下起雨来了，我们仍然继续干活。
He kept on talking and laughing when the teacher came into the classroom.
老师走进教室后，他还在说说笑笑。
Be quiet. Don't keep on asking such silly questions.
安静点，别老是问这样无意义的问题。
本课所学的keep on doing sth. 和以前学过的keep doing sth. 在意思和用法上相同，都含有"重复和继续"的意思，常可以通用，但相对而言，keep on doing sth. 在语气上较强一些。
eg.
I have learned about 1,000 words, but I keep (on) forgetting some of them.
我已经学了大约1，000个单词，可是有些单词我老是记不住。
Why do they keep (on) laughing all the time?
他们为什么老是笑个不停？
但在表示"连续不断的动作或持续的状态"时，常用keep doing sth. 而在强调"继续干某事"（尽管动作是断断续续的）时，常用keep on doing sth.
eg.
You should not keep thinking about it.
你不应该老想着这件事。
You should keep waiting here until he comes.
你应该在这儿一直等到他来。
He kept on working after dark.
天黑了，他还在继续干。
He didn't lose hope, and kept on trying.
他没有灰心，而是继续努力地干。
He kept on wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.
他老是用手背擦眼睛。
13. In the 18 70s, when Marx was already in his fifties, he found it important to study the situation in Russia, ・・・.
1)1970s是19世纪70年代；1980s是20世纪80年代；1760是18世纪60年代……，依此类推。1870s也可以写作1870's读作eighteen seventies.
2)"in one's +基数词复数形式"表示"……几十多岁了"。
eg.
In his twenties, he took an active part in the struggle.
他二十多岁时，就积极投身到这场斗争中去了。
3)find+it+adj. (n.) +to do
it是形式宾语，to do短语为真正的宾语。可以用在这种结构中的动词还有make, think, feel, consider etc.
eg.
I've found it interesting to talk with foreigners in English.
我已体验到用英语与外国人交谈的乐趣了。
He felt it an honour to be invited to the party.
他认为被邀请来参加这个晚会是件很荣耀的事。
They think it necessary for college students to grasp one foreign language.
他们认为大学生掌握一门外语是很必要的。
14. In one of his books, Marx gave some advice on how to learn a foreign language.
在他的一本书里，马克思对怎样学好一门外语提出了一些忠告。
give some advice on   对……提出一些忠告
其中advice是不可数名词，但可以说some (much, a piece of ) advice.
eg.
The professor gave us some good advice on how to learn maths.
教授对我们怎样学好教学提出了一些很好的忠告。
He went to ask for his parents' advice.
他跑去征求他父母亲的意见。
If he had followed my advice, he would have passed the examination.
如果他听从我的劝告，他考试一定及格了。

【一周一练】
Ⅰ、单项选择：
1．-Are you sure of welcome at his house?
   - ____.
A. No, not quite
B. No, not really
C. No, I'm afraid so
D. No, I don't believe it
2. It wasn't long  ____the broken windows were repaired and painted.
A. before
B. after
C. when
D. since
3. -How are you getting on with your work?
  -I haven't made I should have.
A. so more progress as
B. as much progress as
C. as many progress as
D. much progress that
4. After we had finished doing some exercises, we the text.
A. went on reading
B. went on read
C. went on to read
D. went to read
5. After a break, the professor went his report.
A. on making
B. to make
C. on to making
D. on with
6. He his speech with "Thank you, Mr Chairman".
A. close
B. closed
C. closer
D. to close
7. Professor Li caught cold that he coughed day and night.
A. such heavy a
B. so heavy a
C. so a heavy
D. a such heavy
8. Mary found  important to master sciencein   .
A. that; his twenty
B. that; her twentys
C. it; the twenties
D. it; her twenties
9. In   , great changes  place in our hometown.
A. the 1980's; have been taken
B. 1980's; have been taken
C. the 1980's; have taken
D. 1980's; have taken
10. The tomatoes should be  into small pieces and dropped into the boiling water.
A. cut off
B. cut upon
C. cut down
D. cut up
11. In England Englishmen speak English. In , ____  speak____ .
A. Germany, Germans, German
B. Germany Germen, German
C. German, Germen, German
D. German, Germans Germany
12. All of us founda foreign language.
A. necessary to learn
B. it necessary to learn
C. it necessary to learn
D. that necessary to learn
13. That film was the most interesting one we  ____ .
A. would see
B. had seen
C. had never seen
D. had ever seen
14. When you  a new word while reading, don't always turn to the dictionary.
A. come across
B. come up
C. come over
D. come through
15. He is sure ____  the game. Why are you so sure  ____ that.
A. to win, of
B. to win,with
C. of winning, to
D. about win, in
Ⅱ.完型填空
For thousands of years, people thought of glass as something beautiful to look at. Only recently  1  come to  2  something to look through. Stores  3  their goods in large glass windows. Glass bottles and jars  4  food and drink allow us  5  the contents. Glass  6  spectacles, microscopes, telescopes, and  7  exremely useful and necessary objects. Spectacles,  8  glasses, are used by people who can not see  9  or by people who want to protect their eyes  10  bright light. Microscopes make tiny things larger  11  we can examine them. Telescopes   12  objects that are far away appear  13  closer to us.
  14  in recent years plastics have replaced glass  15  conditions where glass might be  16  broken, there are new uses  17  for glass that were never imagined in the   18  . Perhaps the greatest  19  of glass is that its constituent parts are inexpensive and can be found  20  over the world.
(   )1.A. they B. do they  C. they have   D. have they
(   )2.A. think it B. think it of  C. think it as D. think of it as
(   )3.A. protect  B. hide  C. display D. set aside
(   )4.A. hold B. held  C. that hold   D. that holding
(   )5.A. see   B. to see   C. seeing   D. seen
(   )6.A. used to make  B. used to making   C. is used to making D. used to making
(   )7.A. many others   B. many other C. else D. another
(   )8.A. and   B. as well   C. or   D. either
(   )9.A. perfectly B. perfect  C. perfection   D. perfected
(   )10.A. from B. inC. with  D. beyond
(   )11.A. so asB. as that  C. so that   D. such that
(   )12.A. let   B. watchC. get   D. make
(   )13.A. ever  B. rather   C. more  D. much
(   )14.A. Because of   B. Despite  C. However   D. Alhtough
(   )15.A. under B. below   C. withinD. on
(   )16.A. hardlyB. easily  C. nearlyD. almost
(   )17.A. being developed   B. be developing  C. be developed   D. to be developed
(   )18.A. ancientB. pastC. old   D. aged
(   )19.A. goodness   B. advance C. advantageD. progress
(   )20.A. all B. around  C. anywhere  D. wholly

Ⅲ.阅读理解
A
The story of the English language is a story of change. The Old English language is different from Modern English. If we do not study Old English, we cannot understand it. Some of the words are the same, but many are not used now. The story of the English language began some time after the year A.D.400. At this time people came to England from Northwest Europe. There were many groups of people there. They were called Angles, Saxons, and Jutes. Their language, Old English, is like some of modern languages of Northwest Europe. In Old English the endings(词尾)had many meanings. They showed past tiem and present time and many other things. In Modern English most of these endings are gone. This is the biggest difference between Old English and Modern English.
1. From the passage we know that Modern English .
A. was developed from Old English
B. doesn't have anything to do with Old English
C. is completely different from Old English.
D. didn't grow out of Old English.
2. There Old nationalities
A. left for Northwest Europe after the year A.D.400
B. came to England from Northwest America
C. spoke three different languages
D. were the first speakers of Old English
3. We may conclude that the least.
A. pronunciation B. vocabulary  C. grammarD. word formation
4. Which of the following is NOT true?
A. Old English is being studied by some learners.
B. Northwest Europe is the home of English
C. Some rules for verb tenses remain unchanged in English
D. In Modern English there are not any rules for word endings at all.
B
Karl Marx was born on May 5, 1818. He entered Bonn University in 1835 and went to Berlin University to continue his studies two years later. In October 1842, he became the editor(编辑)of the "Rheinische Zeitung", and there he began his attack he was forced to leave his homeland. He moved to France and then to Belgium. In 1848, he returned to Cologne to join the revolution directly. After the 1848 revolution failede, he was expelled(驱逐)from Gremany. He went to Paris, but was soon forced to leave France. In 1849, he went to London and spent most of his time there.
Marx became one of the leading spirits of the First International(第一国际).Together with Engles, Marx published the "Manisfesto of the Communist Party"(《共产党宣言》)in 1848. His most important work was "Capital"(《资本论》). The first volume was published in 1867.
Marx was also a great learner of languages He cold read all the leading European languages and write in three: German, French and English. He liked to say that ta foreign language is a weapon in the struggle of life.
He died on March 14, 1883 in London.
6. Which of the following is correct?
A. "Capital" has only one volume.
B. Marx alone wrote the "Manifesto of the Communist Party."
C. He had learned 3 languages: German, English and French.
D. Marx was an important person in the First International.
7. What does the word "Weapon " probably mean in the last sentence of Paragraph 3?
A. 投资  B. 武器   C.财富D.设备
8. Which of the following is NOT correct?
A. Karl Marx died at the age of 65.
B. Marx began his studies at Berlin University in 1837.
C. It was in 3 countries that he took part in his revolutionary work before the 1848 evolution.
D. After the 1848 revolution failed, Marx spent all his time in London.
9. What can we infer from the passage?
A. The whole "Capital." Was completed after 1867.
B. Marx died in the war in London against his enemy.
C. At first, he used his papers to begin his attack on the old society.
D. He was not allowed for only once to live in Germany.
10. What does the passage tell us?
A. Marx's childhool and his early revolution.
B. Marx was a great leader in the attack on the old society
C. Marx's revolution against the old society and his talent(天才)of learning languages.
D. How Marx took up revolutionary activities.
C
Pronouncing a language is a skill. Every normal person is expert in the skill of pronouncing his own language, but few people are even just a little skilled at pronouncing foreign languages. Now there are many reasons for this, some obvious, some perhaps not so obvious. But I suggest that the important reason why people in general do not speak foreign languages very much better than they do is that they fail to grasp the true nature of the problem of learning to pronounce, and as a result of the problem of leaerning to pronounce, and as a result never set about dealing with it in the right way. Far too many people fail to realize that pronouncing a foreign language is skill, one that needs careful training of a special kind, and one that cannot be reached just leaving it to take care of itself. I think even teachers of language, while recognizing the importance of a good  accent, tend to take no notice of, in their practical teaching, the branch of study concerned with speaking the language. So, the first point I want to make is that English pronunciation must be taught; the teacher should be prepared to devote some of the lesson time to this, and his whole attitude to the subject should get the student to feel that here is matter worthy of receiving his close attention. So there should be time when other aspects(方面)of English, such as grammar or spelling, are allowed for the moment to take second place.
Apart from this question of the time given to pronunciation, there are two other requirements for the teacher; the first, knowledge; the second, technique.
It is important that the teacher should be in possession of the necessary information. This can generally be learned from books. It is possible to get from books some idea of the mechanics of speech, and of what we call general phonetic(语音)theory. It is also possible in this way to get a clear mental picture of the relatioship between the sounds of different languages, between the speech habits of English people and those, say, of your students. Unless the teacher has such a picture, any comments he may make on his students' pronunciation are unlikely to be of much use, and lesson time spent on pronunciation may well be time wasted.
11. According to the passage,   pronouncing foreign languages.
A. few people are extremely good at
B. even modern people are not good at
C. only few people are somewhat good at
D. few people are at the average level in
12. According to the author, pronunciation is a skill that can NOT be .
A. picked up without conscious training
B. trained consciously
C. be taught
D. be carefully trained
13. In the author's opinion, ____ .
A. grammar is less important than pronunciation
B. grammar and spelling should always make room for pronunciation
C. grammar and spelling are sometimes less important than pronunciation
D. grammar is more important than spelling

Ⅳ.短文改错
Marx's birthplace, Trier, is very beautiful1.   .
town in the mountains of western part of   2.
German. No. 10, Bruecken Street, now a 3.
museum, is an ordinary house. Inside of,   4.
photoes of Marx's family and of his works  5.
are on show. The woman works there told us 6.
his family: Marx's father was a lawyer, who7.
moved on his family to his house early in  8.
the year 1818. The family lived in the first   9.
and second floors. The ground floor was in 10.
his lawyer office. It was on May 5 of the year that a child was born who was named Karl Heinrich Marx.

Ⅴ.书面表达
学校的英文报要你写一篇介绍你如何学好英文的短文，在文章的最后你谈了学好英文的三点体会：
1、坚持在课内外练习你所学到的英语，只要有机会就练，不要怕出错。
2、当你说英语，写英语时，要像马克思所说，忘记自己的本族语言，要尽可能多记英语习惯用语。
3、要努力去爱英语、接近英语，全身心去投入英语，这样你就一定能学好英语。
请用英文写出这三点体会。

【一周一练答案】
Ⅰ. 1-5 B A B C D6-10 B B D C D11-15 A C D A C
Ⅱ. 1-5 D D C C B6-10 B B C A A11-15 C D D D A 16-20 B A B C A
Ⅲ. 1-5 A D D D D6-13 B D A C C A C
Ⅳ.1. is 后加a   2. of后加the 3. German→Germany   4. 去掉of  5. photoes→photos 6. woman后加who   7. his前加about8. 去on 9. in→on   10. 去in
Ⅴ.
A possible Eversion:
   English isn't so difficult to learn if you follow the following rules. First, you should keep practising it in and out of class, try to use what you have learned in class, in your daily life and whenever you can.
   Secondly, when you speak English, try to forget your own language as Marx said. Remember English idioms as many as possible. Finally, you should try to enjoy it, get close to it, and put your whole heart into it. Then you are sure to master it.
             Wish you good luck.