高中英语第二册下 Unit 23

【教学内容、目标】
一、教学内容
高中英语第二册下  Unit 23
二、教学目的和要求
1、掌握以下单词
dial, excellent, chat, hire, conversation, wind, handle, directory, strength, frequently, redirect, recover, mobile, smart, cordless, distant, lately, interrupt, remind, lack, due, income, announce, sew, bargain, needle, thread, frequent.
2、掌握以下词组
have … on, get together, all the best, have a word with, connect with, in other words, free of charge, bring along, due to, in case.
3、掌握以下句型
1).How a telephone works is a question which not everyone can answer.
4、掌握以下日常交际用语
1) Would you like a word with her?
2) I've already got something on that evening.
3) We must get together some other time for a chat.
4) All the best.
5、语法
掌握名词性从句
【知识重点讲解】
Unit 23
1.Would you like a word with her?
=Would you like to speak with her?
短语 would like a word with sb 其中a word 可以用a few words 代替，表示"说几句话"。例如：
  My father would like a word with you.
  Don't be nervous.
  Someone is waiting to have a word with you.
注意：have a word / a few words with sb.  意为"和某人说几句话。"
  have words with sb. 同某人吵架或发生口角。
  in a word / in one word  总之，一句话。
  keep one's words  守信，break one's words  食言。
2.The speaker is supposed to be excellent. 人们认为这位发言人很不错。
  suppose sb / sth to be   "认为某人 / 某事如何。"
  被动结构 sb / sth is supposed to be  "某人/某事被认为如何。"
例如：I suppose her to be over forty.  我想她40多岁了。
  还可以用 suppose + that 从句表达。即，I suppose that she is over forty.
  I supposed that she was mad = I supposed her to be mad.
  be supposed to do "应该……，必须……，"例如：
  Teachers are supposed to know a lot.老师应该知道许多事。
  You are not supposed to smoke here. 你不应该在这里吸烟。
3.Hold on  请等一下，别挂线。
此句为电话用语，后接表示很短一段时间的状语。如：a moment, a minute, a second等。
  Hold on a moment, Jenny is coming. 稍等，珍妮马上就来。
  hold on 可作"继续、坚持"例如：
  Hold on, success will belong to you. 坚持，成功会属于你。
  If you made a decision, you should hold on to the end. 如果你已决定，就应该持之以恒。
4.I've already got something on that evening.
=I already have another engagement for that evening.
5.All the best  祝你万事如意。
   All the best wishes to you .或 All the very best. 是临别时表示祝愿的用语，意为"一切顺利，一切如意。"
例如：
All the best with your family. 祝你全家都好。
All the best in your business / study. 祝你事业顺利/学习进步。
6.How a telephone works is a question which not everyone can answer.
1）本句的主语是how 引导的名词性从句。谓语是系表结构is a question，其中question 是用由which引导的定语从句来修饰。
2）not everyone  不是每个人都……
当every, both, all 与not 连用时，表示部分否定。例如：
Not all the girls like singing.=All the girls don't like singing.= Some girls like singing, and some don't. 并不是所有女孩都喜欢唱歌。
Not both his parents are engineers.他的父母不都是工程师。
若全部否定分别为none, neither, no one 等。例如：
Neither of the two brothers is a policeman. 他们兄弟俩都不是警察。
None of them like the film. 他们都不喜欢这部电影。
7.The problem with electrical signals is that they get weaker and weaker as they travel along metal wires.
1）这是一个复合句。主语是The problem with electrical signals 后跟一个表语从句that they get weaker…… metal wires, 其中又包括一个表示时间的状语从句"as they trael along metal wires."
2）get weaker and weaker, get是连系动词，作"变得"解，后跟"weaker and weaker"作表语。这种"比较级+ and +比较级"结构表示"越来越……"的意思。
如：As spring comes, it gets warmer and warmer.
As he talked on, he got more and more excited.
3）as 作连词，表示时间，引导状语从句，作"当……时候"解，有"随着……"的意思。强调主句的动作随着从句的动作同时进行。例如：
As time went on, Einstein's theory proved correct.
As days passed, he became more and more impatient.
8.They need to be strengthened every 3-4 km. Need当实义动词时，意思是"必要"、"需要"、"必须"有以下几种表达方式。
(1) need + n / pron
   I need you ( your help ).
(2) need to do
   We need to work hard.
(3)need + doing (形式表主动，意表被动=need to be done)
  My bike needs repairing.= My bike needs to be repaired.
  need当情态动词时，后两接动词原形，多用于否定句和疑问句中，如：
  You needn't get up so early.
  Need we finish the work before supper?
9.There are some of the ways in which they can be used.
  ways（方式，方法），后需跟in which 或that 引导的定语从句，大多时候that可省略。例如：
  I don't like the way that he speaks.
  The way you treat your mother is wrong.
  常与way连用的短语有：
  the way of doing sth / the way to do   做某事的方法，in this / that way 以这样/那样的方法，by way of 通过。
10.It also shows that the caller's telephone number in order that you recognize who it is.
  in order that  以便，为了。引导目的状语从句，可与so that互换。但若放在主句前，常用in order that.例如：
  You should take a note of it in order that (so that ) it will not be forgotten.
  In order that I can go to school on time, I get up early everyday.
  当主句主语和从句主语一致时，in order that 可换成in order to do 或to do.so that 可换成so as to，但so as to 不可以用在句首。
11.A mobile phone has no wires and can be carried about in your pocket or your bag.
  about adv. 意为"到处"。例如：
  Don't leave the waste things about in the street.  不要在街上到处乱扔废物。
12.If you need to ring someone, you just press the numbers and the telephone will connect you to the right number.
  connect "连接"，后接介词in, to 或and 例如：
1) Connect me with the hospital.
2) Are you connected to the wrong number?
3) The road connects Shenyang and Dalian.
  connect还可表示"有关系，有联系"。指人事关系上的联系。
例如：Everyone thought he was connected with the case.每个人都认为他与这起案件有联系。
13.You can take it with you wherever you go.
  wherever conj. 无论何地，不管在哪里，引导让步状语从句。例如：
  Wherever he goes, she will go with him.
  Wherever he is, I'll find him.类似的词还有however, whenever, whoever, whatever等。
如：Whenever you telephone to me, I'll answer it immediately.
14.In other words, you can walk……
  in other words 换句话说。例如：
  You shouldn't be against my idea.In other words, you have no right to be against me.

【同步练习】
一、单项选择：
1.is troubling me is I don't know  is to be done with the new machine.
A.What, what, that
B.What, that, how
C.What, that, what
D.What, because, which
2.-Have you one more ticket left?
  --I have left.
A.neither
B.no more
C.nothing
D.none
3.I forget, please remind me of it.
A.Whether
B.In case of
C.In case
D.In that case
4.There can be no doubt he is fit for the office.
A.that
B.whether
C.if
D.which
5.Could you spare me a few minutes?
  I a word you.
A.like; with
B.have, with
C.have, to
D.A or B
6.This old man it by himself.
A.doesn't need do
B.needn't to do
C.needs not to do
D.doesn't need to do
7.-It's no use trying tothe old ways to teach students.Times have changed.
  --Right.We teachers should try to let them think more and find something new.
A.lead to
B.devote to
C.stick to
D.content to
8.Lei Feng was content to help was in trouble all his life.
A.whoever
B.who
C.whomever
D.whichever
9.We to school last Monday, so we stayed at home.
A.needn't have gone
B.didn't need to go
C.needn't to have gone
D.didn't need going
10.-There is no one called Jack here.
   -- !
A.That's all right
B.What a pity
C.Sorry, I think I dialed the wrong number.
D.It doesn't matter.
11.How much do you think they will  us for a double room for a night?
A.demand
B.charge
C.ask
D.cost
12.-Who is to look after this small lab?
  --Tom.We do it in turn.
A.supposed
B.guessed
C.wanted
D.thought
13.Children should not have more money is needed.
A.than  B.which
C.that  D.as
14.-Did you to finish the work in time as the boss had required?
  --No.I  to, but I failed.
A.manage; tried
B.try; managed
C.want; tried
D.need; managed
15.-I'm going to the post office.
  --you're there, can you get me some stamps?
A.As     B.If
C.While  D.Because
二、完形填空：
  Some air companies give small presents to their passengers.One day a business man was  1  in an aeroplane, when he remembered that he had  2  to get some toy wings（飞机驾驶合格胸章）, like the ones which  3 wear, for his children.When the airhostess came round to ask each passenger whether he wanted something to  4  before supper, the businessman asked her whether she had  5  of the toy wings."Yes, sir," she answered."I'm, going to bring the passengers their supper soon, but  6  that, I'll bring you the wings."
  Although it was a stormy day, the businessman  7  his supper, but he noticed that the man in the  8  in front of him was feeling  9  and that he didn't eat any of his supper.The businessman felt sorry for him.After the passengers had  10  their airhostess came and took their trays  11  and then she  12  the wings for the business man's children, so she went to the box which the presents were  13  in and took some out.But she had forgotten  14  passenger had asked for the wings, she knew in which   15  of the plane he was, but she thought that  16  was the man in front of the businessman, the  17  man who was feeling sick.The air hostess now  18  at the man's seat and asked him whether he was the gentleman who had wanted the wings.
  The man looked up at her with  19  eyes.Then he looked out of the window at the threatening clouds which  20  the aeroplane and said, "No, I didn't ask for wings.Are you going to need them?"
1.A.serving  B.thinking  C.travelling  D.reading
2.A.allowed  B.promised  C.said  D.replied
3.A.pilots  B.air hostess  C.drivers  D.astronauts
4.A.eat  B.introduce  C.drink  D.choose
5.A.some  B.few  C.many  D.any
6.A.except  B.besides  C.after  D.including
7.A.enjoyed  B.cooled  C.bought  D.prepared
8.A.stool  B.sofa  C.bench  D.seat
9.A.angry  B.nervous  C.ill  D.anxious
10.A.finished  B.completed  C.solved  D.passed
11.A.away  B.out  C.off  D.aside
12.A.forgot  B.brought  C.remembered  D.thought
13.A.hid  B.kept  C.piled  D.held
14.A.what  B.which  C.whose  D.where
15.A.beds  B.seat  C.body  D.part
16.A.it  B.that  C.he  D.this
17.A.poor  B.ill  C.bad  D.shy
18.A.turned  B.arrived  C.cheered  D.started
19.A.kind  B.funny  C.satisfied  D.frightened
20.A.covered  B.prevented  C.surrounded  D.delayed
三、阅读理解：
  At 4 p.m on Wednesday, 15th October, two men armed with iron bars attacked the owner of the New World Gold Shop on the corner of Nam Goi Lane and Old Street.The owner of the shop tried to defend himself with the only instrument at hand-an old axe.（斧子）
  A large quantity of gold bracelets and necklaces was stolen from the shop, but the money in the safe was left untouched.The two men escaped in a dark green Datsun.The owner of the gold shop has died from the injuries he received in the struggle.Will anyone who saw the robbery or a dark Datsun driving fast down Old Street towards Kai Tak Airport at the time of the robbery please get in touch with the Director of Criminal Investigation Royal Hong Kong Headquaters(Tel: H2212225).
  A reward will be paid for any information leading to the arrest of either or both of the wanted men.The men are believed to be about 30 years of age.Both have long hair.One of the men was wearing a large gold ring on the little finger of his right hand.The other man has a scar on the left cheek and lips slightly.
1.The two men who attacked the owner of the shop had .
A.scars
B.a gun
C.iron bars
D.an old axe
2.The two men stole.
A.the only instrument in the shop
B.a lot of gold bracelets and necklaces
C.the money in the safe
D.a dark green Datsun
3.The two men were last seen on their way to.
A.the New World Gold Shop
B.the corner of Nam Goi Lane and Old Street
C.Kai Tak Airport Road
D.The R.H.K.Police Headquarters
4.Anyone who helps the police to find and arrest the two men.
A.will be taken to the Criminal Investigation Department
B.will be given a reward
C.will be rewarded with a large gold ring
D.will be in danger
5.Both men have .
A.long hair
B.a large gold ring
C. a scar on the left cheek
D.a slight lip

【练习答案】
一、1-- 5 CDCAD  6--10 DCABC  11--15 BAAAC
二、1-- 5 CBACD  6--10 CADCA  11--15 ACBBD  16--20 AABDC
三、1.C 2.B 3.C 4.B 5.A