高二英语期末综合练习

Ⅰ、单项选择：
1.If you need a repairman, there's  better than my brother.
A.nothing  B.none
C.no one  D.nobody
2. out after a long walk, mike called and said he couldn't come to the party.
A.Having worn
B.Being worn
C.To wear
D.Worn
3.The Turners have a very practical little table that folds up out of the way when  .
A.not to needed
B.not needed
C.needed not
D.to be not needed
4. whenever you like; you are always welcome.
A.Drop out
B.Call at
C.Drop in
D.Call on
5.--Johnson failed to get a good job in that company.
 --He should have  the best of chance.
A.used  B.wasted
C.made  D.taken
6.Mary was  the letter from Tom, but it didn't reach her for some reason.
A.expecting
B.waiting
C.hoping
D.longing
7.--Do you regret spending 500 dollars on the overcoat?
  --No, I would have paid  if the shop owner had insisted.
A.twice as much
B.twice as many
C.much as twice
D.many as twice
8.The meeting will begin at ten.So you have to be there  9:50.
A.about  B.by
C.after  D.until
9.--How long did the meeting last this afternoon?
  --It was supper time  the meeting was over.
A.that B.at which
C.when D.until
10.--Jim! Did you have a good time at the party?
  --Yes, but I really  have because I had a lot of work to do.
A.needn't
B.mustn't
C.shouldn't
D.couldn't
11.I've put all my things in order.Don't  them.
A.disturb
B.interrupt
C.destroy
D.throw away
12.Flood  the bridge and traffic was  _______ .
A.disturbed, destroyed
B.destroyed, disturbed
C.destroyed, interrupted
D.disturbed, interrupted
13.A  cousin of mine has come to see me from a  village.
A.faraway, distant
B.far way, faraway
C.far away, distant
D.distant, faraway
14.The Longman Dictionary is very popular  students.
A.with  B.for
C.to  D.towards
15.He is said to have known the fact; I don't know,  .
A.yet  B.either
C.though  D.too
16.Ask Tom to come at once, for the train is starting  .
A.in a moment
B.in the moment
C.at a moment
D.for a moment
17."Has any of you reached the Great Wall?"
A.No
B.None
C.No anyone
D.Not any
18.Did anyone know the truth?  .
A.None
B.None
C.No one
D. Not any
19. , I thought of going fishing.
A.In the moment
B.At a moment
C.For a moment
D.In a moment
20.It's no easy thing to  a factory.
A.run   B.find
C.open  D.operate
21.Tom didn't go to the party last night, or you  him there.
A.had seen
B.would have seen
C.saw
D.were to see
22.-You needn't have been here.
  -Right.But my mother  me to go.
A.asks
B.asked
C.has asked
D.had asked
23、Generally  _______ , the word  in the sentence is not suitable.
A.speaking, used
B.spoken, using
C.speak; used
D.to speak, to be used
24. rich people are, they always want more.
A.What  B.Whatever
C.How   D.However
25.He didn't plan his time well,  he didn't finish the work in time.
A.in order that
B.though
C.so that
D.even though
26.China has many cities,  Shanghai is the largest.
A.where  B.in which
C.whose  D.of which
27. she was chosen made us very happy.
A.What  B.Which
C.That  D.Why
28.Their work  , Dick and Joe went to play tennis, while  went home.
A.done… the other
B.having done … others
C.had been done…the others
D.was done…others
29."What was your father doing when I called for you just now?"
  "He was  what he  me."
A.repeating…had told
B.repeat…told
C.repeating…told
D.repeat…had told
30.He  for the exam.He will do well  it.
A.prepares well… in
B.is well prepared…in
C.is prepared well…at
D.has well prepared…at
31."It's said that Janny will give her old father a birthday party. do you think she will invite?" "Well, I know she'll invite  her father wants."
A.who……whoever
B.whom…whom
C.who…who
D.whom…the
32.-Robert, you're wanted  the phone.
  -Do you know who  ?
A.on; he is
B.for; is he
C.on; it is
D.for; it is
33.She hardly thinks that here is any hope of hearing from them soon,  ?
A.does she
B.doesn't she
C.is there
D.isn't there
34.They offered her a house of $ 10.000,  was worth.
A.as much as twice
B.as much twice as
C.as twice much as
D.twice as much as
35." I suggest  Dalian this weekend.Do you think it's a good idea?"
  "  _______ , for the entrance examination is coming on."
A.having a holiday in… I'm glad I don't agree.
B.making a journey to …I'm sorry to agree with you
C.going outing to … I don't care
D.making a trip to …I don't think so.
Ⅲ、完型填空：
   How often one hears children wishing they were grown-ups.And old people wishing they were  36  again.Each age has its pleasure and its pain, and the happiest person is the one who enjoys what each age  37  him without wasting his time in useless  38  .
   Childhood is a time when there are few responsibilities to make life  39 .If a child has good parents, he is  40  ,looked after and loved, whatever he may do.It is  41  that he will ever again in his life be  42  so much without having to do anything return. 43  , life is always giving new things to the child-things that have lost their  44  for older people because they are too  45  .But a child has his 46  , he  is not so free to do what he wishes to do; he is  47  being told not to do something, or being  48  for what he has wrongly done.
   When a young man  49 to earn his own living, he can no longer expect others to  50  his food, his clothes, and his room, but has to work if he wants to live  51  .If he spends most of his time playing about in the ways that he used to as a child, he will  52  hungry.And if he breaks the laws of society  53  he used to break the laws of his parents, he may go to prison.If,  54  , he works hard, keeps out of trouble and has good health, he can have the great happiness of  55  for himself his own position in society.
36.A.children  B.young  C.active  D.strong
37.A.leaves  B.hopes  C.judges  D.gives
38.A.regrets  B.means  C.ways  D.forms
39.A.better  B.easy  C.difficult  D.perfect
40.A.raised  B.supported  C.served  D.dressed
41.A.impossible  B.natural  C.common  D.harmful
42.A.taught  B.asked for  C.served  D.dressed
43.A.As a result  B.In other words  C.From time to time  D.What's more
44.A.power  B.sense  C.value  D.interest
45.A.popular  B.modern  C.familiar  D.advanced
46.A.pains  B.weakness  C.requests  D.rights
47.A.year by year  B.again and again  C.once in a while  D.for ever
48.A.warned  B.talked  C.punished  D.destroyed
49.A.plans  B.starts  C.continues  D.manages
50.A.take the place of  B.pay for  C.pay off  D.freely
51.A.comfortably  B.freely  C.peacefully  D.separately
52.A.feel  B.face  C.go  D.meet
53.A.since  B.when  C.while  D.as
54.A.by the way  B.possibly  C.sooner or later  D.however
55.A.keeping up  B.building up  C.taking up  D.making up
Ⅲ、阅读理解：
A
   There is no doubt that soccer in Brazil is the national sport; wherever there is an open space you will find children and grown men kicking a ball around.The worker's idea of a lunch-time break is to organize a "pelada"(a scratch game, with coats as goalposts and rolled- up socks as a ball.)
   In the interior of brazil, whether there is a small settlement you will find a clearing surrounded by lofty(高耸的) trees and dense(稠密的)undergrowth, hundreds of miles from the nearest electric installation(装置), and two teams hotly engaged in a soccer match watched by a group of Indians as fanatical as any supporters in the world.
   On Copacabana beach several championships are played.Every Saturday afternoon goalposts and nets are erected(竖起) and league games are played.The teams play 30 minutes each way barefoot.The side of the "field" are limited by the sea on one side and the roadway wall on the other.The championships are organized by C.B.F.and some 10,000 clubs register(登记) for the competition.The teams play in their own strip.As can be imagined, considerable skill is required to control the ball on the soft sand, and from this ready made "nursery" several players have graduated to professional teams.These games attract large crowds and support for the teams is considerable, especially when local districts are opposing(对抗) each other.
56．How do Brazilians show their love for soccer?
A.Both children and adults join in the game.
B.Whether there is a ground, there will certainly be some people playing football.
C.The workers use lunch-time break to kick a ball made of rolled- up socks.
D.All of the above.
57．What does the word "interior" mean? It means  .
A.inland areas
B.the inside
C.the faraway
D.the land bordering the sea
58．Even in the almost unexplored forests, you will find  .
A.well-equipped soccer pitch
B.Brazilians have soccer matches with Indians
C.Indians are also football fans
D.people are not far away from civilizations
59．Which of the following is NOT TRUE according the last paragraph?
A.Several championships organized by C.B.F.are played on Copacabana beach.
B.Professional football players are trained barefoot on the soft sand.
C.Football players must be more skillful in controlling the ball when playing on the soft sand.
D.What attacts people most is the games between local districts.
60．What do you think is the proper title of this passage?
A.Football Fans.
B.Soccer in Brazil.
C.Love for Soccer.
D.Kick a Goal.
B
   Crater(火山口) Lake National Park is Oregon's only national park and it is one of the most accessible and breathtaking parks in the united States.The deep blue color of the lake's water almost seems unreal and it will fascinate you the first time you lay eyes on it.Crater lake is the deepest lake in the depth of 1,932 feet.It was formed 7,700 years ago from an eruption(喷发).A caldera(破火山口) was created from the volcano falling into itself, and later from rain and snow melt it was filled with the bluest of blue water.So blue in fact, as one story goes, that many years ago the Kodak Company used to send letters to its customers apologizing for its inability to match the color exactly .it's hard to imagine that from such a violent eruption came one of the most beautiful and tranquil(宁静的) settings in the United States.Yet, high in the Cascade range, this 185,000 - acre natural paradise awaits visitors with a feeling of being on top of the world, surrounded by peace and solitude(偏静).Crater lake is best visited during the summer months and into the fall.From October to July, a thick blanket of snow covers the park and encircles the lake.It's a setting best left for some of the best cross-country skiing in the nation.
61．The Lake with blue color water lies  .
A.along Oregon state
B.in the east of the United States
C.in the mouth of a volcano
D.at the foot of a volcano in the National Park
62.At first sight of it, you will  _______.
A.be unable to breathe
B.find it bright blue
C.be greatly attracted by it's beauty
D.think it not a real lake
63.From an outbreak, the Lake is  in the U.S.
A.no deeper than any other lake
B.no shallower than any lake else
C.deeper than any lake
D.deeper than any of the other lakes
64.What is the meaning of the sentences "So blue in fact, as one story goes."
A.A storyteller goes here and there to tell in the fact that the Lake is blue.
B.It is said that the water in the Lake is most blue.
C.A story about its color spreads far the wide.
D.A story was told long ago about why the lake was so blue.
65.The best tourist season for Crater lake is  .
A.all the summer and autumn.
B.from the early summer to the late autumn.
C.in summer and the early autumn.
D.from October to July.
C
  HIV infections(艾滋病毒感染者) soared world-wide to 30 million adults and children in 1997, with researchers saying that they had underestimated(低估) the rate of infection, now at about 16,000 a day.The sharp climb-from 22.6 million in 1996 - is due to new methods of collecting date(数据) as well as an actual 19% increase in the level of infections, according to a report released by UN.If the current transmission (传播) rates hold steady, by the year 2000, the number of people living with HIV or Aids will soar to 40 million, said the report.If further said that some 2.3 million people would die of Aids in 1997- a 50% increase over 1996.Nearly half those deaths would be women and 460,000 children under 15.For children, the report estimated(估计) that 1, 600 under 15 are infected with HIV every day, compared to 1,000 children a day last year.New figures(数字) show the number of people estimated to be living with HIV or Aids include 20.6 million in sub-Sahara Africa, 6 million in Southbound Southeast Asia.1.3 million in Latin American and 530,000 in Western Europe.The worst affected in sub-Sahara Africa, where HIV cases increased by an alarming 7.4 percent among people between 15 and 49 years of age.In contrast the rate of new Aids cases is expected to drop in Western Europe and America in 1997.
66.What is the meaning of the word "soared" in the first sentence? It means  .
A.lowered
B.widened
C.went up
D.enlarged
67.According to a report released by UN,  .
A.about 16,000 people are infected with HIV every day.
B.new methods of collecting data will be used
C.by the year 2000, there will be about 40 HIV infections or Aids
D.in 1996, 19 percent of the people live with HIV
68.In 1997, about 2.3 million people would die of Aids, among them  .
A.about 50 percent would be women and children
B.1.61 million would be women and children
C.about 1.15 million would be children and men
D.about one half would be women and men
69. is the place where HIV infections and Aids have found the most.
A.Sub-Sahara Africa
B.Western Europe
C.Latin America
D.South and Southeast Asia
70.The passage is about  _____.
A.an estimation
B.a report
C.new infections
D.Aids
D
  The Leland Stanford Junior University, referred to today simply as Stanford University, was founded in 1885 by Senator and Mrs.Leland Stanford, who devoted their entire fortune and their estate(房地产) to its establishment in memory of their only child, Leland Jr., who died at an age when many young men and women are planning a college education.Leland Stanford, a distinguished businessman, governor of California, and U.S.Senator, patterned(仿造) the University after the great European universities.He set a pattern for students to receive a broad liberal education, as well as a practical one, which was remarkable for its time - one that would cultivate(培养) the imagination and develop character.
  Although the University has grown and changed in many ways over the years, it is very much a product of its physical setting and of its early educational goals of practicality, humanism, and excellence.In terms of enrollment(注册), Stanford is a medium - sized university, but its campus consists of more than 8,180 acres(英亩).Frederick Olmsted, the designer of New York's Central Park and America's foremost landscape architect of his day, was commissioned(委任) to locate the original central campus indicate the layout and general character of the buildings, and plan the grounds.These original buildings with buff(浅黄色) sandstone walls, redtiled roofs, and long sandstone arcades still constitute the center of the campus today.Over the years, newer, newer structures（建筑物） have been built to blend with the original architecture.
  There are 14,031 students enrolled at the University 6,561 are undergraduates.Undergraduate students come to Stanford from every state in the Union and about sixty other countries.Although they represent widely differing back grounds and interests, the great majority have displayed energy, intellectual curiousity, and commitment to their education both in and out of the classroom.
71.Stanford University  .
A.is short for Mr.Leland Stanford Junior University
B.was set up in remembrance of only son of two Stanfords
C.was the place where Leland Jr.Once studied
D.is located in Leland, California
72.Which statement is wrong according to the passage?
A.It was the Stanfords's money and the estate that made the university possible.
B.The students in Stanford University had the chance to develop their character.
C.The educational pattern set by Mr.Stanford was practical but not remarkable.
D.Stanford University was modeled upon the great European universities.
73.For years, the University  .
A.has grown from a small one to a big one.
B.has changed greatly in its physical setting
C.has still followed its early educational goals
D.has enrolled more and more new students
74.From the passage, we know  .
A.the campus of the university is a large one with 8,180 acres
B.the beautiful campus was a masterpiece of the designer, Fredderick Olmsted
C.ever since 1885, many new buildings have been put up
D.all of the above
75.The students in Stanford University  .
A.are about 14,031, 6561 undergraduates included
B.come from all over the country and about six other countries
C.have different interests because of their different backgrounds
D.are vigorous, intelligent and knowledge-able
Ⅳ、短文改错：
I have just now moved to a house in Bridge street  76.
Yesterday a beggar knock at my door.He asked  77.
me a meal and a glass of beer.In return for this  78.
the beggar stood at his head and sang songs  79.
I gave him a meal.He ate the food and drink  80.
the beer.Then he put a piece of cheese(干酪) to his  81.
pocket and went away.Later a neighbour told  82.
me about him.Everybody know him.His name is  83.
calls Pency Buttons.He called at every house  84.
in the street once a month and always asks a meal  85.
and a glass of beer.
Ⅴ、书面表达：
假定你叫李玲，你住在上海新华路28号，魏芳是你的好朋友，两周前去北京治病。你于2001年3月5日给她写信询问病情，转达师生对她的问侯，希望她安心养病，不要担心功课。

【参考答案】
1-5 B D B C C  6-10 A A B C D  11-15 A C D A C  16-20 A B C C A 21-25 B B A D C  26-30 D C A A B  31-35 A C A D D  36-40 B D A C A 41-45 A D D D C  46-50 A B C B B  51-55 A C D D B  56-60 D CA C B B 61-65 C C D B C  66-70 C C A A D  71-75 B C C D A
76.去掉now  77.knock→knocked  78.me后加for
79.at→on  80.drink→drank  81.to→in
82.正确  83.know→knows  84.called→calls
85.asks后加for
Dear Wei Fang,
  It is two weeks since you went to Beijing for medical treatment.I miss you very much.How are you feeling better? The teachers and our classmates ask me to send to their best regards.We also hope you'll get well and be back soon.
  Don't worry about you health and take it easy.It is nothing serious.You have good doctors and are having good treatment.You are sure to get well soon.Don't worry about your lessons.We'll try our best to help you when you are back at school.I'm sure you'll catch up with us in a very short time.
  Best wishes,
  Yours ever,
  Li Ling