高中英语第二册下 Unit 22

教学内容】
高中英语第二册下  Unit 22
【教学目标】
1、单词和词组
四会：
servant  let…in  mad  brave  cruel  have a test  deed  in public  sentence…  to death  eager  do a good deed
三会：
tale  revolutionary  cart  disturb  mental  noble  tax  fortune  arrival  prisoner  mentally  in peace  strength  attend  fall in love with  make sure of  suffer  suffer from
二会：
spy  monsieur  Defarge  Lucie Manette  Bastille  marquis  St.Evremonde  Charles  Darnay  Sydney Carton  set fire to  burn…to ground  court  Do wrong  chemist
2、日常交际用语：
You must have been…
She can't have been…
She may/might have done…
You might have done…
3、语法
学习-ing形式作定语和状语的用法
【知识讲解】
1.The guards couldn't have been watching very carefully.
士兵不可能一直进行严密的监视.
句中谓语couldn't have been watching是带有情态动词couldn't的现在完成进行时的结构,表示"不可能一直进行监视"的意思。
can't /couldn't用来表示揣测，后跟不定式的完成进行式(can't/couldn't+have been+-ing)，表示"想必不可能一直在进行"的意思。例如：
She couldn't have been writing.So far as I know, she has been ill since last month.
她不可能一直在写作。据我所知，她从上个月起就生病了。
They couldn't have been working there all night.
他们不可能通宵在那儿工作。
It's very late now.Tom can't have been waiting at the bus stop.
现在很晚了，汤姆不可能一直在车站上等着。
2.It was not yet light, so it was easy to stay hidden.
那里天还没有亮，所以比较容易隐蔽。
句中的stay是连系动词，作"保持(某种状态)"解，后跟动词hide的过去分词(hidden)作表语。此外，还可以跟形容词作表语。例如：
The temperature has stayed hot this week.
这周气温一直很高。
The shop will stoy closed in the next few days.
这家商店今后几天将关门(不营业)。
Please stay still until the operation is finished.
请在手术结束前保持不动。
3.I spoke to her and persuaded her to let me in.
我跟她谈话，并且说服她让我进去了。
句中的"let me in"的意思是"let me enter the kitchen"(让我进厨房)。"let in"是短语动词，作"让……进入"解。
例如：
Open the window to let in fresh air.
把窗户打开，好让新鲜空气进来。
I won't let you in unless you show me your pass.
除非你出示通行证，否则我不让你进来。
4.You must have been mad to speak to the servant! She might have called for help.
你跟那个仆人讲话，准是发疯了！她可能会喊救命的。
1)must have been中的must表示揣测，作"一定是"，"准是"，"想必是"解。Must后跟不带to的不定式(动词原形)，表示对现在情况的推测；must后跟不定式的完成式，表示对过去发生的事的推测。例如：
She looks pale.She must be ill.她脸色苍白，她一定是病了。
It's Sunday today.They  must be at home now.
今天是星期天，他们现在一定在家。
It must have rained last night, for the ground is still wet.
昨晚一定下雨了，地面还是潮湿的呢。
Mary must have caught a cold; she had a high fever last night.
玛丽想必是感冒了，她昨晚发高烧。
2)might have called for help 中的might表示"可能"、"或许"，后跟不定式的完成式，是一种虚拟语气的用法，表示"本来可能……""简直可以……"，但事实上并没有这样。She might have called for help.她本来可能呼救的。(事实上并未呼救。)又如：
I might have been trapped in the fire if I had not run away fast enough.
要不是我跑得快，我也许被困在大火之中了。
It was dangerous for you to try swimming in the river.You might have been eaten by the fish.
你试图在那条河里游泳很危险，你可能被那种食人鱼吃了。
might 后跟不定式的完成式还可以表示过去发生某事如可能性，不一定都是虚拟语气，也许是事实。例如：
The news spread fast.You might have read about it in the papers.
这消息传播得很怜惜，你可能从报纸上已经读到这件事了。
What do you think that noise was? It might have been a cat.
你认为那是什么声音？可能是一只猫。
5.They had come from England, having heard the strange news that Dr.Manette, Lucie's father, was alive and was living in Paris.
他们从英国赶来是因为听到一个离奇的消息--有人说露西的父亲曼奈特医生不活着，而且住在巴黎。
having heard the strange news是一个-ing的完成式，作表示原因的状语，相当于一个状语从句(as they had heard the strange news).
-ing短语的完成式是由haing +过去分词构成，它所表示的动作发生在谓语动词所表示的动作之前。如本句中的having heard的动作是在had come之前发生的，也就是说先听到消息，后来到巴黎。又如：
Lucie felt very happy, having learned the news about her father.(=As she had learned the news about her father, Lucie felt very happy.)
露西非常高兴，因为她听到了有关她父亲的消息。
Not having finished the experiment, he decided to stay at the lab that night.(=As he had not finished the experiment, he decided to stay at the lat that night.)
6.Defarge was pleased at their arrival.
对于他们的到来，德法奇很高兴。
pleased是形容词，作"高兴"、"满意"解，常用于be pleased at/about/with短语中，表示"对(某事)感到高兴/满足"。例如：
I wasn't very pleased at my exam results.
我对考试成绩不很满意。
The teacher is very pleased with your progress in studies.
老师对你学习上的进步很满意。
be pleased后面还经常跟不定式。例如：
I am very pleased to be here with you.
我很高兴和你们在一起。
We are very pleased to know you are getting on well with your work.
你的工作做得很好，我们很高兴。
7.Dr.Manette, having been kept a prisoner in the Bastille, Paris's most important prison, for many years, had recently been set free, and this news had reached Miss Manette in England.
曼奈特医生被关在巴黎最重的巴士底狱许多年，最近获释了。这个消息传到了英国的曼奈特小姐在那里。
第一个分句有一个-ing短语having been kept a prisoner…for many years,它相当于一个表示时间的状语从句："after he had been kept a prisoner…for many years."
句中的Paris's most important prison是the Bastille 的同位语。
"having been kept…"是－ing形式的完成被动式，由having been+过去分词构成，表示"已经被…"的意思，在句中主要作状语。例如：
Having been shown around the laboratory, he was taken to the library.
被带领参观了实验室之后，他又被带到图书馆。
The boy, having been wounded by the noble, died a few days later.
那孩子被贵族刺伤了，几天后就死了。
Lucie Manette, having been told of the news, became excited and decided to start for France immediately.
露西・曼奈特得知这一消息后，情绪很激动，决定立刻起程去法国。
8.Dr.Manette had been mentally disturbed by his long years alone in prison.
由于多年被单独关在牢房里，曼奈特医生变得精神失常了。
disturb vt.作"打搅"、"扰乱"、"使不安"解。例如：
The shot disturbed the silence.
枪声打破了宁静。
A light wind disturbed the surface of the lake.
微风吹皱了平静的湖面。
She was so disturbed that she couldn't sleep all night.
她心情很不平静，整夜都没有睡着觉。
9.All day long he worked at making shoes, as he had done in prison.
他仍然像在牢房里一样，整天缝制鞋子。
1)work at作"致力于"、"在…上下功夫"(put effort into sth/doing sth)解。例如：
Our teacher has worked at teaching reforms for many years.
我们的老师多年来致力于教学改革。
The government is working hard at improving the living conditions of the teahcer.
政府正在花大力气改善教师的生活条件。
He is still working at his new book.He won't join us in the travel.
他还在写他的新书，他不会和我们一起去旅行。
2)as he had done in prison(=as he had worked at making shoes in prison)，是由连词as引导的方式状语从句，as作"按照"、"如同"解。例如：
Study and work as Lei Feng did.
像雷锋那样学习和工作。
When at Rome, do as Romans do.
入乡随俗。(谚语：直译为：在罗马时，就按罗马人那样去做。)
The teacher told us to do as he did.
老师叫我们照他那样去做。
10.Now he could not live in peace unless his door was locked.(=Now he could live in peace only when the door of his room was locked.)
现在，如果房门不上锁，他就会感到心情不安。
in peace安静地，平安地(quietly, calmly, peaceflly).
例如：
Please let me go on with my work in peace.
请让我安安静静地工作吧。
The old man spent the rest of his life in peace.
那个老人安静地度过了他的晚年。
11.Dr manette had been put in prison for no good reason.
曼奈特医生莫明其妙地被关进了监狱。
表示"为了……原因/缘故"用介词短语for…reason.例如：
for some reason(为此)，for on reason(无缘无故)，for some reason(为某种原因)，for a simple reason(为一个简单的原因)，for the reason of health(为健康的原因)，for no good reason(没有正当的理由)。例如：
Don't punish the boy for no good reason.
不要莫明其妙地惩罚孩子。
He had to give up teaching for the reason of health.
他因健康的原因不得不停止教学。
12.One day he had been called out to attend a young peasant and his sister.
有一天他被请去出诊，给一个年轻的农民和他的姐姐看病。
句中的attend作"(医生、护士等)治疗/看护"解(look after, give medical care to)。例如：
She has two nurses attending(on/upon)her.
有两位护士看护着她。
Which doctor is attending you?
那位医生给你看病？
13.Dr.Manetter had been put in prison so that he would keep silent over this matter.
曼奈特医生被关进监狱，这样就不会把这件事张扬出去。
keep silent保持安静，保持沉默。后跟over/about的介词短语，表示"对……保持沉默"。例如：
He kept silent about what had happened.
他对所发生的事情保持沉默。
You have to keep silent over the secret.
你得保守这一秘密。
14.Although Lucie married Charles, Sydney promised her that he would always do anything he could for her to make sure of her happiness.
虽然露西嫁给了查尔斯，但是悉尼还是向露西许诺，为了保证她的幸福，他愿意永远为她做所能做的一切。
不定式短语"to make sure of her happiness"在句中目的状语，修饰谓语"would always do anything."
例如：
You should make sure of the time and place of the conference.
你应当把大会的时间和地点弄清楚。
Try to do everything to make sure of his safety.
要尽力确保他的安全。
15.So he left France, preferring to give up the fortune that would one day come to him, and went to live in England.
于是，他离开法国来到英国定居，宁愿放弃将来有一天会属于他的那份财产。
这是一个复合句。主句是So he left France……and went to live in England.中间插入一个表示原因的-ing短语(preferring to give up the fortune)，后跟一个定语从句that would one day come to him，修饰先行词fortune.

【一周一练】
Ⅰ、单项选择
1.The old man told the boys a story in tears about  durning the war.
A.the great wrong for him
B.the mistakes done to him
C.the wrongs did to him
D.the great wrongs he suffered
2.the time before you go to the station.
A.Be sure to
B.To make sure of
C.To be sure of
D.Make sure of
3.Charles did what he could  the servant, although he himself
A.rescue, was dangerous
B.to resue, was in danger
C.to rescue, was danger
D.to rescue, in danger
4.all my wok, I had a drink and went out.
A.Finished
B.Finishing
C.Having finished
D.To finish
5.We can drink  water but not  water.
A.boiled, boiled
B.boiling, boiling
C.boiled, boiling
D.boiling, boiled
6.thatit was soing to rain, the boy went home in a hurry.
A.Having seen
B.Seeing
C.To see
D.Seen
7.an answer, I decided to phone again.
A.Not receiving
B.Having not received
C.Receiving not
D.Not havig received
8.The movie was so  that we were all  .
A.interesting, exciting
B.interested, excited
C.interesting, excited
D.interested, exciting
9.The professor  us a talk yesterday is from Nanjing University.
A.giving
B.having given
C.given
D.who gave
10."Can't you read?" Tom said  to the note.
A.angrily pointing
B.and point angrily
C.angrily pointed
D.and angrily pointing
11.what he said, he must be a teacher.
A.Judged to
B.To judge by
C.Judging from
D.Being judged
12.by his side, I could feel his heart  fast.
A.Sitting, beaten
B.Having sat, to beat
C.Sat, to be beating
D.Sitting, beating
13. , someone knocked at the door.
A.Having finished my homework
B.While I was doing my homework
C.Doing my homework
D.When doing my homework
14.His father works  to guard those who are  .
A.in the prison, in the prison
B.in prison, in prison
C.in the prison, in prison
D.in prison, in the prison
15.The little boy found his toy gun  under the bed.
A.hide  B.hiding
C.to hide  D.hidden
Ⅱ、完型填空
   A man once had a dream about the Black Forest in Germany .In his dream he was walking in the  1  when two men ran out and tried to  2  him to the ground .He  3  off as fast as he could , but the two men  4  .He reached a place where he saw two separate  5  in front of him , he to  6  ?He heard the two men behind him getting  7  , and at the same time he suddenly heard a  8  in his ears .It told him to go to the right , and he did  9  .He ran on and soon came to a  10  .He was received there kindly and given a room , and so he was saved from the two men .That was the  11  .
   Twenty years  12  , he was  13  in the Black Forest , and as  14  in the dream long before , two men ran out and tried to  15  him .He was off and came to a place  16  tow roads , as in the dream .He  17  the dream and took the road to the  18  .He soon reached a small hotel , was  19  in and so was safe .His dream of twenty years before had  20  his life .
1.A.street  B.mountains  C.forest  D.fields
2.A.throw  B.put  C.keep  D.make
3.A.went  B.drove  C.left  D.ran
4.A.followed  B.came  C.hid  D.stopped
5.A.signs  B.roads  C.directions  D.spots
6.A.pick  B.take  C.walk  D.go
7.A.close  B.nearer  C.far  D.out
8.A.talk  B.sound  C.voice  D.noise
9.A.not  B.so  C.it  D.that
10. A.hotel  B.office C.hospital  D.police station
11.A.story  B.experience  C.incident  D.dream
12.A.ago  B.earlier  C.later  D.dream
13.A.really  B.hardly  C.nearly  D.surely
14.A.seen  B.happened  C.went  D.known
15.A.catch  B.shoot  C.beat  D.follow
16.A.by  B.with  C.in  D.at
17.A.forgot  B.remembered  C.knew  D.kept
18.A.left  B.right  C.front  D.kept
19.A.taken  B.accepted  C.received  D.caught
20.A.lost  B.killed  C.saved  D.protected
Ⅲ、阅读理解
A
   One night about nine o'clock , Dr.Eyck , a surgeon , had a phone call from Dr.Haydon at the hospital in Clens Falls .The surgeon was asked to go there at once to operate on a very sick boy who shot himself while playing with a gun .
   The doctor was soon on his way to Clens Falls .It was 60 miles away .And it was snowing heavily in the city .The surgeon thought he could get there before 12 o'clock .
   A few minutes later , the doctor was stopped by a man in an old black coat .Gun in hand , the man ordered the doctor to get out .Then the man drove the car down the road , leaving the doctor in the falling snow .
   It was after two o'clock in the morning when the doctor arrived at the hospital in Clens Falls .Dr .Haydon told him that the boy had died an hour before .
   The two doctors walked by the door of the hospital waiting room .There sat the man in the old black coat with his head in his hands .
   "Mr.Cuninghan , " said Dr.Haydon to the man , "This is Dr.Eyck .He is the surgeon who came all the way form Albany to save your boy ."
1.Dr.Haydon asked Dr.Eyck to come to Clens Falls because  .
A.Dr.Eyck knew the boy was wounded by a shot
B.the boy needed the help of a surgeon
C.Dr.Eyck was the boy's father
D.Dr.Eyck was Haydon's friend
2.The surgeon was late because
A.he was stopped by the policeman
B.the weather was rather terrible
C.Clens Falls was too far away from Albany
D.his car was taken away
3.Choose the right order of the following events given in the story .
a.Dr.Eyck was asked to come to the hospital in Clens Falls.
b.Dr.Eyck arrived at the hospital
c.The boy shot himself .
d.The boy died .
e.The man in an old coat reached the hospital .
f.Dr.Eyck was robbed of his car .
A.c , e , f , a , b , d  B.a , c , f , d , b , e
C.c , a , f , e , d , b  D.a , c , f , e , d , b
4.The boy could have been saved if  .
A.he had not been sent to the hospital
B.his father hadn't arrived in time
C.Dr.Eyck had arrived earlier than the man
D.Dr .Eyck had arrived there two hours earlier

B
   When a group of children politely stop a conversation with you , saying , "We have to go to work now , "you're left feeling surprised and certainly uneasy .After all , this is the 1990s and the idea of children working is just unthinkable .That is , until you are told that they are all pupils of stage schools , and that the "work "they go off to is to go on the stage in a theatre .
   Stage schools often act as agencies（代理机构）to supply children for stage and television work .More worthy of the name "stage school "are those few places where children attend full time , with a training for the theatre and a general education .
   A visit to such schools will leave you in no doubt that the children enjoy themselves .After all , what lively children wouldn't settle for spending only half the day doing ordinary school work , and acting , singing or dancing their way through the other half of the day ?
   Then of course there are times for the children to make a name and make a little money in some big shows .Some stage schools give their children too much professional work  at such a young age .But the law is very tight on the amount they can do .Those under 13 are limited to 40days in the year ; those over 13 to 80 days .
   The schools themselves admit that not all children will be successful in the profession for which they are being trained .So what happens to those who don't make it ? While all the leading schools say they place great importance on children getting good study results , the facts seem to suggest this is not always the case .
1.People would stop feeling uneasy when realizing that the children they're talking to  .
A.attend a stage school
B.are going to the theatre
C.have got some work to do
D.love singing and dancing
2.In the writer's opinion , a good stage school should  .
A.produce star performers
B.help pupils improve their study skills
C.train pupils in language and performing arts
D.provide a general education and stage training
3."Professional work "as used in the text means  .
A.ordinary school work
B.money-making performances
C.stage training at school
D.acting , singing and dancing after class
4.Which of the following best describes how the writer feels about stage schools ?
A.He thinks highly of what they have to offer .
B.He favours and early start I the training of performing arts .
C.He feels uncomfortable about children putting on night shows .
D.He doubts the standard of ordinary education they have reached .
Ⅳ.短文改错
Londoners set their clock with big Ben.Big Ben  1.
is really the bell in the world's more famous clock. 2.
But most people called the clock Big Ben. 3.
The clock's tower stands 316 feet.It built more  4.
than a hundred years before, The tower now leans  5.
by 15 inches.However, experts say that it is  6.
in no dangerous.  7.
During the Word War Ⅱ the clock was battered  8.
by gunfire.Still it kept the correct time. 9.
But in 1945 some birds settled in the hands  10.
of the clock.It lost five minutes.

【一周一练答案】
Ⅰ.1-5  DDBCC  6-10 BDCDA 11-15 CDBCD
Ⅱ、1-5  CADAB  6-10  BBCBA 11-15  DCABA  16-20  ABBAC
Ⅲ、（A）1-4  BDCD  （B）1-4  ADCD
Ⅳ.1.with→by  2.more→most  3.called→call  4.built→was built  5.before→ago  6.√  7.dangerous→danger  8.去掉第一个the  9.去掉the  10.in→on