高中英语第二册下 Unit 24

【教学内容】
一、教学内容
高中英语第二册下 Unit 24
二、教学目的和要求
1、掌握以下单词
tire, chain, haircut, pin, secretary, forgive, owe, trick, roll, tear, repay
2、掌握以下词组
wish…every success, congratulate …on, help …out, insist on, play a trick on
3、掌握以下句型
1) I insist on telling him how great you were.
2) I'm trying to save as much money as possible.
4、掌握以下日常交际用语
1) I wish you every success in the future.
2) I'd also like to congratulate you on your good work.
5、语法
复习第十九至二十三单元出现过的重点语法项目。
【重点知识讲解】
Unit 24
1  I wish you every success in the future.
1) wish sb  +n /adj 表示祝愿，用于较正式的场合。
例如：I wish you a safe journey  祝你一路平安。
I heartily wish you good health.
We wish you happy/ lucky/ well.
2) wish + that  从句则不表示祝愿，而是"但愿、希望"之义，that从句中的谓语动词常用虚拟语气，表示与现实相反的情况。
例如：I wish I were a bird flying in the sky.
How I wish I hadn't watched TV last night.
2  I'd also like to congratulate you on your good work in these two years.
congratulate "向……祝贺，恭喜"，常用于congratulate sb on sth 结构中，表示"为某事向某人祝贺。"例如：
I congratulate you on your success  祝贺你的成功。
They congratulated him on winning the Nobel Prize.
名词congratulation 表示"祝贺"，常用复数形式。如：
Congratulations on your success!
3  It's a pity you missed the sports meeting last week.
It's a pity +that从句，表示"很遗憾……"
例如：It's a pity that she has made so many mistakes.
It's a pity that he missed the wonderful football match.
4  What a shame! Never mind, I'd write to him.
What a shame! 真遗憾，真不象话。如：
1) What a shame to say it like that.
那样说话太不象话了。
2) What a shame that you have to go now.
真遗憾你现在就得离开了。
5  Mr  Brain has just heard Zhengjie playing the piano in a concert.
hear sb  doing 听见某人正在干什么。
I hear a man walking upstairs.
我听见有人在上楼。（他正在走上楼）
hear sb do 听见某人已干完某事。例如：
I hear a man walk upstairs
我听见有人上楼了。（他已上楼）
有此种用法的还有watch, see, notice, observe, feel
6  I'm getting very tired of travelling.
我对旅行感到厌倦了。
be/ get tired of sth/ doing 对……厌烦。例如：
I'm tired of butter and bread.
A mother is never tired of talking about her sons and daughters.
一个母亲从不厌烦谈论她的儿女们。
比较tired/ tiring
tired "疲乏的，厌倦的"，tiring "令人厌倦的，令人讨厌的。"例如：
Your question is tiring  你的问题令人烦。
Your tiring question made me tired for a long time  你的令人讨厌的问题让我烦燥了很久。
7  I'm planning to start a school  So I'm trying to save as much money as possible.
as much money as possible "尽可能多的钱"。
as …as possible = as … as one can /could。如：
He ran as fast as possible = He ran as fast as he could.
You should speak as much English as possible every day  =You should speak as much English as you can every day.
8  None of the banks I spoke to were interested
none prop  作主语时，谓语动词单复数均可。当侧重于"全都不"时，动词用复数形式，当侧重于"一个也不"时，动词用单数形式。例如：
None of us wants to go.
None of them are right.
注意：none 强调数量（一个都没有），可以回答how many 问句：no one 强调没有人，通常回答who引起的问句。例如：
-Who did you see in the classroom?
-No one.
-How many girls are there in the class?
-None.
9  Could I drop in at your home after the concert …?
drop in at some place （顺便拜访某地）
drop in on sb （顺便拜访某人）
例如：If you're free, please drop in at my house.
The little girl dropped in on Einstein every day.
10  Is he expecting you?
句中expect表示"等待"之意，大致相当于wait for, expect 表示"等待"时，多用进行时态。例如：
I'm expecting your letter  我在等你的来信。
expect 本义作"期待、预料、指望"解。常用expect sb to do sth
expect sth/ that clause
expect so/ expect not例如：
My father expected me to study hard.
我父亲指望我努力学习。
-Do you expect that it's fine tomorrow?
-I expect so.
11  You remember my friend who helped me out?
help sb out 帮助某人摆脱困境，危机，例如：
A friend who can help you out of the trouble is a real friend.
I can't solve this problem  Please help me out
Jack helps out in the store after school.
杰克放学后帮助那家商店做些零活。
12  Don't remind him  It was nothing.
remind vt  使某人想起。常用于：
remind sb of … 使人想起…… 例如：
He reminds me of his father.
remind sb  that 使人想起…，提醒某人，例如：
She reminded me that I hadn't locked the door.
remind sb to do sth 提醒某人做某事。
Please remind me to telephone to my mother.
13  I insist on telling him how great you are.
insist一定要，坚持要求需用insist on /upon短语。例如：
The workers insisted on being paid more money.
He insisted on staying with me for another week.
insist + that clause从句的谓语动词可以用虚拟语气，即should do 形式，其中should可以省略，此时句意为"坚持做……"。
当句意为"坚持认为……"或"坚持……看法，意见"时通常不用虚拟形式。例如：
The old man insists that he is right.
那位老人坚持认为他是对的。
The boys insist that they should play football after lunch.
The teachers insisted that the work should be finished before Friday.
14  Now let's drink to the success of your school.
Let's drink to 祝酒时用语，to为介词常用于非正式场合。例如：
Let's drink to our friendship  为我们的友谊干杯。

【同步练习】
1  The doctor insisted that the soldier  seriously wounded and without delay.
A  was, be operated on
B  was, was operated
C  be, was operated on
D  be, be operated
2  He joined them  their research   the missing papers.
A  for, of
B  in, for
C  with, of
D  of, for
3  I have learned English for five years and I'm pleased I made the  .
A  try
B  experiment
C  effort
D  study
4  I have   the book in a newspaper, but I have never   the book.
A  read, read about
B  read about, read
C  read, read
D  read about, read about
5  My brother has read a lot of books   the years.
A  for
B  in
C  over
D  since
6  Ask Tom to come at once, for the train is starting   .
A  in a moment
B  in the moment
C  at a moment
D  for a moment
7  I hadn't seen him for years, but I    his voice on the phone.
A  realized
B  recognized
C  heard
D  discovered
8  Is this the factory   you once carried out the scientific research together with the workers?
A  the one
B  where
C  which
D  that
9  Seeing a little girl crying in the screet, the policeman went up to  .
A  help out
B  pick out
C  send out
D  try out
10  He will never forgive you    you said to him last night.
A  for what
B  for that
C  because what
D  because that
11  Please accept my congratulations   you   your success.
A  for, on
B  to, on
C  with, to
D  to, with
12  When I got home, I saw a message  to the door,   "Sorry to miss you: I will call later."
A  pinned, read
B  pinning, reads
C  pinning, to read
D  pinned, reading
13  -Excuse me, may I ask some questions?
  -Sorry, I'm too busy and haven't even a minute to   .
A  spend
B  spare
C  share
D  stop
14  The early train is   to leave at 5 in the morning.
A  possible
B  due
C  probable
D  sure
15  His words remind me    we did together during the past holidays.
A  that
B  of that
C  of what
D  what
二、完形填空：
  When Dave was eighteen, he bought a secondhand car for ￡ 200 so that he could travel to and from work more   1   than by bus  It worked quite well for a few years, but then it got so old, and it was costing him   2   much in repairs, that he decided that he had better   3   it
  He asked among his friends to see if anyone was particularly   4   to buy a cheap car, but they all knew that it was falling to pieces, so   5   of them had any desire to buy it  Dave's friend Sam saw that he was   6   when they met one evening, and said, "What's   7  , Dave?" Dave told him, and Sam answered, "Well, what about advertising it in the paper? You may   8   more for it that way than the cost of the advertisement!" Thinking that Sam's   9   was sensible, he put an advertisement in an evening paper, which read: "For sale: small car,   10   very little petrol, only two owners  Bargain at ￡ 50."
  For two days after the advertisement first appeared, there was no 11   But then on the Saturday evening he had an enquiry (咨询).A man rang up and said he would like to   12   him about the car  "All right," Dave said, feeling happy  He asked the man whether ten o'clock the next morning would be   13   or not  "Fine," the man said, "and I'll   14   my wife  We intend to go for a ride in it to   15   it."
  The next morning, at a quarter to ten, Dave parked the car in the square outside his front door,   16   to wait there for the people who had   17   his advertisement  Even Sam had to   18   that the car really looked like a wreck  Then, soon after he got the car as   19   as it could be, a police car stopped just behind him and a policeman got out  He looked at Dave's car and then said, "Have you reported this   20   to us yet, sir?"
1  A  directly  B  safely  C  properly  D  easily
2  A  so  B  such  C  very  D  too
3  A  keep  B  repair  C  sell  D  throw
4  A  anxious  B  lucky  C  ashamed  D  generous
5  A  some  B  neither  C  none  D  most
6  A  delighted  B  upset  C  calm  D  astonished
7  A  on  B  up  C  it  D  that
8  A  learn  B  miss  C  get  D  find
9  A  message  B  advice  C  request  D  description
10  A  uses  B  loses  C  has  D  spends
11  A  doubt  B  help  C  trouble  D  answer
12  A  tell  B  see  C  agree  D  call
13  A  exact  B  suitable  C  early  D  late
14  A  follow  B  meet  C  bring  D  introduce
15  A  recognize  B  obtain  C  admire  D  test
16  A  happening  B  meaning  C  turning  D  failing
17  A  read  B  inserted  C  answered  D  placed
18  A  forgot  B  show  C  disagree  D  admit
19  A  clean  B  crowded  C  fast  D  light
20  A  bargain  B  sale  C  accident  D  result
三、阅读理解：
  The law is a great mass of rules, showing when and how far a man is likely to be punished, or to be made to hand over money or property to his neighbours, and so on  These rules are contained in books  A lawyer learns them maily by reading books.
  He begins by doing little else than reading, and ofter he has prepared himself, say, three years' study to practise, still, all his life and almost every day, he will be looking into books to read a little more than he already knows about some new question which he has to answer
  The power to use books, then, is a talent which the would-be lawyer ought to get  He ought to be very flexible and fine to make it easy for him to collect ideas from printed words  He ought to be ready in finding what a book contains, and something of an instinct for where to look for what he wants.
  But although this is the power of which he will feel the need, it is not the most important  A lawyer does not study law to recite; he studies it to use it and act upon the rules which he had learned in real life  His business is to try cases in court and to advise men what to do in order to keep out or get out of trouble  He studies his books in order to advise and to try his cases in the right way
1  The first thing a law student has to do is _______   .
A  to read books
B  to practise law
C  to answer legal questions
D  to try cases in court
2  After three years of reading,  _______ .
A  he had mastered all the laws
B  he can do nothing but practise
C  he still has to continue reading.
D  he is able to give all answers to all problems
3  According to the passage, a would-be lawyer ought to have the ability _______
A  to read books carefully
B  to make best use of books
C  to find books that he needs most
D  to speak with good manners
4  The main business of a lawyer is   _______ .
A  to study the law
B  to help people smooth away the difficulties in law
C  to advise people to face the legal problems
D  to learn from practice
5  A good lawyer should know how to _______
A  recite the law
B  analyze the law books
C  collect from law books
D  be flexible in all things
四、短文改错：
In America, that labour costs are so high,  1
"do it yourself" is a way of its life  Many people  2
repair their own cars, their own house and so on  3
Soon they may also be writing for their own   4
books  In Hollywood there is a company    5
that publishes children's books at the help of  6
computers  However other book companies all   7
publish that way, this particular company is very usual  8
It "personalizes" the book by having the computers made  9
the readers the main characters in its story   10

【练习答案】
一、1  A  2  B  3  C  4  B  5  C  6  A  7  B  8  B  9  A  10  A  11  B	12  D	13  B	14  B	15  C
二、1  D  2  A  3  C  4  A  5  C  6  B  7  B  8  C  9  B  10  A  11  D	12  B	13  B	14  C	15  D  16  B	17  C	18  D	19  A 	20  C
三、1.A   2  C  3  B  4  B  5.C
四、1  that → where  2  its  3  house → houses  4  for  5  √  6  at → with  7  However → Although  8  usual → unusual  9  made → make  10  its → the 