每日习语（二）

   8. to hold water
   意思是站得住脚，禁得起考验或有足够的证据可证明一件事的可靠性
   （to have evidence to prove something) (反之，「hold no water」就是没有足够的证据，站不住脚。)
   例如：I think his statement does not hold water.
   我想他的声明是站不住脚的。
   也就是：There is no enough evidence to prove what he has said.
   他的理论是有足够证明的。
   (可见「hold no water」=「does not hold water」) His theory holds water.
   Her constant excuses for being tardy holds no water.（或 does not hold water)
   她时常的迟到藉口，没有足够的理由。
   The U. S. bombing excuse did not hold water with China.
   美国轰炸理由不足取信中国
   也就是：
   China feels that the reason given by the U.S. for bombing the Chinese embassy does not hold water.
   所以：The argument does not hold water.= The argument holds no water.
   这争吵是没有足够的理由

   9. to tighten (one's) belt
   意思是束紧裤带，省吃俭用或缩紧预算（to cut the budget）
   例如：The government has to tighten its belt due to a large deficit.
   由于庞大的赤字，政府必须缩紧预算。
   He tried to tighten his belt after he lost his job.
   他失业后，想办法省吃俭用。
   但也可指真正的束紧腰带：
   Mrs. Chen has tightened her belt because she lost twenty pounds.
   陈太太缩紧了腰带因为她瘦了廿磅。

   10. to put (one's) best foot forward
   意思是全力以赴，给人以尽可能好的印象，包括礼貌、举止、说话、外表等等。
   (to get first good impression including manners, speech, appearance, etc.)。
   例如：When you go for a job interview, put your best foot forward.
   当你求职面试时，首先要尽量给人良好的印象。
   We all have to put our best foot on this project.
   我们对这个计划要做得好才能给别人一个好印象。
   (注：通常不用复数 feet，因为同时伸出两只脚，一定会跌倒，即使主词是多数，也是如此。)

   11. to miss a trick
   意思是不了解全部实况或不能细心察看
   (not to figure out a situation；don't know everything that is going on；not very perceptive of every situation.)
   (反之，does not miss a trick 就是对全部情况非常了解。)
   例如：He states emphatically that he never seems to miss a trick with his staff.
   他强调他对下属是明察秋毫，无所不知。
   We can not pull the wool over his eyes because he does not miss a trick.
   我们瞒不过他，因为他对所有的事都很清楚。
   Parents should not miss a trick regarding what their children are doing.
   父母对儿女所做所为，应该细心察看，不可忽略。
   He was fired because he missed all the tricks.
   由于他对事不能细心观察而被解雇。
   (有人认为：如果说一个人十分「精明」，事事「明察秋毫」，似乎有点「spy」的味道，所以不是恭维话，读者以为然否？)

   12. to nickel and dime (someone)
   意思是一点一滴的小事或微不足道的服务，都要收费。
   （to charge someone for every little thing or service）(既不是诈骗也非违法。)
   例如：Sometimes the lawyer will nickel and dime you for every service he (she) provides.
   有时律师为了微不足道的服务也要向你收费。
   Many people were nickeled and dimed by their lawyers. The phone company is continually trying to nickel and dime us.
   电话公司为了琐屑细节的服务，不停地向我们要每一个铜板。
   (注：本来 nickel 是五分钱，dime 是一毛钱，现在当做动词用，过去式和过去分词是：nickeled, nickeled; dimed, dimed）

   13. to throw (one's) weight behind（someone or something)
   意思是支持某人或某事
   （to support someone or something）
   例如：The governor of Maryland threw his weight behind Mr. Gore for the presidential election.
   马里兰州长支持高尔先生竞选总统。
   He has thrown his weight behind the foreign policy toward China.
   他支持对中国的外交政策。
   但是，to throw (one's) weight around 又有仗势欺人，耀武扬威或炫耀自己的重要性，想要去影响别人和情况之意。
   例如：He always tries to throw his weight around.
   他老觉得自己了不起，想要影响别人。
   Mr. Lin is trying to throw his weight around in his office.
   林想影响办公室里所有的人。
   He throws his weight around her.
   他想控制她。

   14. to put teeth in (或 into) (something)
   意思是说话时，带着慎重其事的语气，使能有效的实施（fo be very firm in speaking）
   例如：If you tell your children to do something, be sure to put some teeth in your decision.
   假如你要孩子做事，必须表明你认真肯定的决定。
   When you become a manager, you need to put teeth in（into） the decision-making process.
   当你是总经理时，你对决定事物，必须以肯定语气表达，才能有效实施。
   Put some teeth in your position when you speak to the teenagers.
   对青少年说话时，必须表明你认真的立场。
   I have to put teeth in my conviction that capital punishment is wrong.
   我坚信我的立场，死刑是错误的。
   (注：put teeth in 的后面多半跟 decision, position, stand, conviction 等单字，尤其 decision 最常用。)

   15. to have a heart-to-heart talk
   意思是诚恳的谈论
   （fo discuss something sincerely）
   例如：Let's talk heart-to-heart about heart problem.
   让我们诚恳地讨论有关心脏问题。 
   Let's have a heart-to-heart talk about this topic.
   让我们诚恳地讨论这个议题。
   I have had a heart-to-heart talk（或 conversation）with my department chairperson. 
   我与系主任有个真诚坦率的交谈。(形容词用)
   We had a nice heart-to-heart.
   我们有个倾心的交谈。 (当名词用) 
   (所以heart-to-heart 可当名词或形容词） 