in one's glory 得意，踌躇满志
例句：When John won the race, he was in his glory.
当约翰赢得比赛时，他非常得意。
hit parade　流行歌曲排名
例句：Tom was overjoyed when his new song was named on the hit parade on the local radio station.
当汤姆得知他的新歌被列入当地电台的流行歌曲榜时，他欣喜万分。
give oneself away 露马脚，露破绽
例句：Laura played a joke on her father and gave herself away by laughing.
劳拉想和父亲开个玩笑，可是她一笑就露了马脚。
try one's hand 尝试，试身手
例句：I thought I would try my hand at bowling, although I had never bowled before.
我虽然从没玩儿过保龄球，但我想尝试一下。
with flying colors 非常成功地，胜利地
例句：Rose came through the examination with flying colors.
露丝考得非常好。
have a ball 过得很快活，玩得很高兴
例句：The picnic was fantastic, we had a ball!
野餐棒极了，我们玩得真痛快！
be on target 正中目标
例句：Your remark concerning the budget was right on target.
你对预算所做的评论切中要害。
climb the wall （因极端忧虑、激动等而）反应激烈
例句：By the time I got the letter that I was hired, I was ready to climb the wall.
当收到被录用的信时，我欣喜若狂。
stay focused 集中思想于目标上
例句：The only way to attain your goals is to stay focused and work hard.
达到目标的唯一办法就是集中思想于目标上并努力工作。
put the years in 常年累月地从事某工作
例句：She had put the years in, and was entitled to some reward for her hard work.
她常年累月地努力工作，理应得到一些奖励。
not to worry 不碍事，甭发愁
例句：I am sorry that your bicycle has a puncture. Not to worry, we will fix it quickly.
真遗憾，你的自行车轮胎爆了。（不过）没事，我们很快就能修好。
in rare form 表现特别出色
例句：Mr Smith was in rare form at the dinner. His speech was one of the most eloquent we had heard all year.
Smith先生在晚宴上表现极佳。他的讲话是今年我们听到的最出色的演讲之一。
be at a premium 需求量很大；奇缺
例句：Tickets for the football match were at a premium.
那场足球赛的门票需求量很大，很难搞到手。
not to mention 更不必说、何况
例句：The boy hasn t learnt arithmetic, not to mention algebra.
这孩子算术还没学会，更谈不上代数了。
put on the dog 摆架子、妄自尊大
Because her father has two cars she is always putting on the dog.
因她父亲有两部车，所以她老是摆阔。
pick up 拿，领取
You can pick up your clothes next week.
你下星期可以来拿衣服。
a rolling stone　滚石、漂浮不定的人
例句：Let me see. You are twenty-two and have been a clerk, a traveller,and a porter. Keep to one job; a rolling stone gathers no moss.
让我看看。你现在二十二岁，当过店员、旅行者和搬运工。你应该坚持一项工作； 滚石不生苔，转业不聚财。
Queen's English(King's English) 标准英语
例句：she can speak the Queen s English fluently.
她能说一口流利的标准英语。
go fifty-fifty 各半、平分
例句：If you find the treasure we will go fifty-fifty.
如果你找到那批财宝，咱们就平分。
in a word　一句话、总而言之
例句：I have no time to tell you the whole story, in a word, they became 　hostile to each other.
我没有时间把全部经过告诉你，总而言之，他们相互成了仇敌。
blow out　 1.聚会 2.爆炸
例句：We arrived two hours late at the big blow out for Charle's birthday because our car had a blow-out.
由于我们车胎炸了，所以我们晚了两个小时到达查理举行生日宴会的地方。
这句话里第一个blow-out是指规模很大的聚会，第二个blow-out是指汽车的轮胎炸了。
every now and then　常常地，不时地
例句：Last night, every now and then, her baby cried out in his sleep.
昨晚她的孩子不时地在睡梦中喊出声起来。
keep one's head 保持镇静
例句：Mr. White can keep his head in any emergency; he is never likely to panic.
怀特先生在任何紧急情况下都能保持镇静，从不会惊慌。
leave no stone unturned　千方百计、不遗余力
例句：In search for his mother he left no stone unturned, and even after 20 years he still refused to believe that she was dead.
他为了寻找母亲，已经想尽了一切办法，甚至二十年以后，他仍不愿相信她已经不在人世了。
a house of cards　 不可靠的计划、空中楼阁
例句：I m afraid you ve been building a house of cards; no one is going to help you in a scheme like that.
恐怕你一直在考虑的计划是不可靠的空中楼阁，没人会帮助你去搞那样的一个计划。
burn one's bridges behind (you) 破釜沉舟，自断退路
例句：Now we've burned our bridges behind us and we have no option but to go forward with the project.
现在我们已经破釜沉舟了，除了按计划前进外，别无选择。
cry one's eyes out痛哭流涕，痛哭欲绝
例句：The sister cried her eyes out at the loss of her necklace.
姐姐丢了项链以后，哭得死去活来。
Where have you been, wretch? Here is Jerry crying her eyes out for you.
小坏蛋，你跑哪儿去了？杰瑞为了你大哭不止。
pull over 把（车）停到路边
A: The cops have their lights on behind us.
警察在我们后面闪灯。
B: I guess we had better pull over.
我想我们最好靠边停车。
Check it out!瞧，你看！
A: Check it out! I got a new CD!
B: Really? Can I listen to it?
A: 瞧，我有张新CD！
B: 真的？我可以听听看吗？
A: This is my new cell phone. Check it out!
B: Wow, it s cool.
A: 这是我的新手机，你看！
B: 哇！真酷。
Tied up 极其忙碌
She couldn't go to the movies because she was tied up at home with her studies.
她不能去看电影，因为她在家忙着读书。
Don't mention it 不客气。
A: Thanks for the cheese sandwich! It was great!
B: Don't mention it.
A: 谢谢你的乳酪三明治，真好吃！
B: 不客气。
A: Thanks for paying for dinner.
B: Don't mention it. It was nothing.
A: 晚餐让你破费了，谢谢。
B: 不客气。没什么啦。
So what? 那又怎样？
A: Gloria got a B on the test.
B: So what? I got an A.
A: 葛洛丽雅考试得了B。
B: 那又怎样？我拿了个A。
A: The department store is closed.
B: So what? We can go to the convenience store.
A: 百货公司关门了。
B: 那又怎样？我们可以去便利商店呀！
I get it 我懂了。
A: Now do you understand?
B. Sure. I get it.
A: 你现在懂了吗？
B: 当然，我懂了。
A: I get it. The answer is five!
B: That's right.
A: 我懂了。答案是五！
B: 没错。
Be done with 与…断绝关系
She told me she was done with trying to help a friend who doesn't appreciate her efforts.
她告诉我,她不愿再帮助一位不知感激的努力的朋友。