外贸英语900句3
Different articles require different packing.
不同商品需要不同的包装。
Generally speaking, buyers bear the charges of packing.
包装费用一般由买方负担。
Packing charge is about 3% of the total cost of the goods.
包装费用占货物总值的百分之三。
Normally, packing charge is included in the contract price.
一般地，合同价格中已经包括了包装费用。
The crux of packing lies in protecting the goods from moisture.
包装的关键是防潮。
The machines must be well protected against dampness, moisture, rust and shock.
机器包装必须防湿、防潮、防锈、防震。
We have no objection to the stipulations about the packing and shipping mark.
我们同意关于包装和运输唛头的条款。
We can not afford time to change the packing because the ship will sail after two days.
由于轮船两天后就起航，我们来不及更换包装。
　
（二）
What do you think of the packing for fireworks?
您认为礼花怎样包装？
The packings are in good (bad) order.
包装完好无损（破损）。
The packages are intact. The packing is beautiful.
包装完好无损，很美观。
Please pack the goods very carefully.
请细心包装此货。
These marten overcoats are tastefully packed.
这批貂皮大衣的包装十分精美。
I think you'll find the packing beautiful and quite well-done.
您一定发现我们产品的包装美观讲究。
Our packing will be on a par with that of the Japanese.
我们的包装可以与日本同行相比美。
The unique design of the packing will help you promote the sale of drugs.
独特的包装将有助于我们推销这些药品。
The packing must be strong enough to withstand rough handling.
包装必须十分坚固，以承受粗率的搬运。
We have especially reinforced out pacing in order to minimize the extent of any possible damage to the goods.
我们已经特意加固包装，以便使货物万一遭到的损坏减小到最低程度。
These goods didn't sell well merely because of the poor packing.
这些产品由于包装不好影响了销售。

（三）
We agree to use cartons for outer packing.
我们同意用纸箱做外包装。
Could you use cardboard boxes?
你们用硬纸板箱包装吗？
It would cost more for you to pack the goods in wooden cases.
使用木箱包装成本会高些。
The piece goods are to be wrapped in kraft paper, then packed in wooden cases.
布匹在装入木箱以前要用牛皮纸包好。
The eggs are packed in cartons with beehives lined with shake-proof paper board.
鸡蛋要用带蜂房孔，内衬防震纸板的纸箱包装。
Each pill is put into a small box sealed with wax.
每个丸药装入小盒后用蜡密封好。
Please make the fruit jar airtight.
请把果酱罐密封。
We'll pack them two dozen to one carton, gross weight around 25 kilos a carton.
我们一纸箱装两打，每箱毛重25公斤。
Ten bottles are put into a box and 100 boxes into a carton.
10支装入一小盒，100盒装入一个纸箱。
This would discourage people from trying their hand on such packing.
人们不轻易使用这种包装。
No charge will be allowed for packages.
包装容器不收费。
The case was a substantial one, with sufficient packing used.
此箱坚固，使用了足够的包装材料。
I'm afraid the cardboard boxes are not strong enough for ocean transportation.
我担心远洋运输用纸箱不结实。
Such shirts packed in cardboard cartons can save freight cost.
使用硬纸箱包装这批衬衣可以节省运费。
We prefer packing in smaller cases.
我们宁愿用小箱子包装。
We advocate using smaller container to pack the goods.
我们主张用小容器包装这批货。
We use metal angles at each corner of the carton.
每个箱角都用金属角加固。
Each case is lined with foam plastics in order to protect the goods against press.
箱子里垫有泡沫塑料以免货物受压。
The canned goods are to be packed in cartons with double straps.
罐装货物在纸箱里，外面加两道箍。
You must reinforce the packing with metal straps.
你们必须用铁箍加固包装。
The goods are to be packed in strong export cases, securely strapped.
货物应该用坚固的出口木箱包装，并且牢牢加箍。
Shirts are to be packed in plastic-lined water-proof cartons.
衬衣应放在内衬塑料防水的箱子里。
We use a polythene wrapper for each shirt.
每件衬衣都用聚乙烯袋包装。
The fountain pen is placed in a satin-covered small box, lined with beautiful silk ribbon.
金笔装在一个锦缎小盒里，再用一条漂亮的绸带系在外面。
　
（四）
On the outer packing, please mark wording, "Handle with Care".
在外包装上请标明“小心轻放”字样。
Every 100 dozen should be packed in a wooden case marked TM and numbered from No. 1 upward.
每100打装一箱，刷上唛头TM，从第一号开始往上循序编号。
Please mark the cases(boxes,bags,casks,etc)as per the drawing given.
请按所给的图样在（盒、袋、桶等等）上刷唛头。
Please cable packing and marks.
请电告包装及唛头式样。
We will mark the packages the same as before.
我们将在货包上刷上和以前一样的唛头。
　
数量 Quantity

（一）
Let's talk about the problem of quantity.
我们谈谈数量的问题吧。
You'll issue a certificate of quantity and weight.
你们必须出具数量和重量证明书。
The package number and quantity are identical with each other.
包装号与商品数量相吻合。
Quantity matters as much as quality of price, doesn't it?
数量和价格、质量一样重要，是吗？
We believe we shall be able to better satisfy our customers quantitatively.
我们相信能在数量上更好地使客户满意。
The quantity you ordered is considerable.
你们订的数量还可以。
We can supply any reasonable quantity of this merchandise.
对此商品，我们能提供任何适当的数量。
I must advise the farm of the quantity of the wheat as per the contract.
我将按合同规定通知农场小麦的数量。
If the quantity of the goods does not conform to that stipulated in the contract, the importer will refuse to accept the goods.
如果进口商发现货物数量与合同规定不符，他将拒收。
Is there any quantity limitation for the import of cotton cloth from China?
从中国进口的棉布有数量限制吗？
You remarked yesterday you would sell on shipped quality, quantity, and weight.
你昨天强调过你们售货以船装质量、数量和重量为准。
　
（二）
For such a big sum, we should attach importance to it.
数目如此之大，我们将予以重视。
For such a big sum, we shouldn't be frightened by this trouble.
这么大款项，我们不能怕麻烦。
They always buy in large quantities.
他们总是大量购买。
Useful quantities have changed hands.
较大的数量已经转手。
Quantities of Black Tea have been exported.
已经有大批红茶出口。
This is the maximum quantity we can supply at present.
这是目前我们所能提供的最大数量。
This is the minimum quantity we require.
这是我们所需要的最小数量。
A small order this year is also welcome.
小批订货今年也受欢迎。
They are not interested in small quantities.
他们对小数量不感兴趣。
For such a big quantity, you should give us a discount.
这么大的订单，贵公司可否给我们折扣？
The quantity of rice imported this year is approximately the same as that last year.
今年进口小麦的数量与去年大体相同。
We're prepared to purchase a shipment quantity of this material.
我们准备买足够一次装运数量的这种商品。
If you can't arrange for the entire quantity, please offer us at least half.
如果你们办不到全数的话，请至少给我们半数。
You sent us only a quarter of our requirements.
您只送给我们所需量的四分之一。
　
（三）
There are 100 tons of wheat on board the ship.
船上装有100吨小麦。
How many pieces all together?
共有多少件？
500 pieces in total.
总共有500件。
We made a total of 100,000 jackets.
我们一共订了10万件上衣。
We can only supply you with 20,000 yards of pure silk.
我们只能供应两万码的真丝绸。
We want a minimum of 1,000 dozen of men's shirts and minimum of 5,000 dozen of embroidered shirts.
男衬衣至少要1000打，绣花衬衣至少需要5000打。
Can you give us an additional 200 cases?
能再增加200箱吗？
We place an order for additional 4,000 shirts.
我们多订了4000件衬衣。
This year we can buy an extra 700 blue jeans.
今年我们可以多订700件牛仔裤。
We'll try our best to satisfy you with the additional 10,000 tons of coal as you asked.
你们要求增加一万吨煤，我们将尽量满足你们。
We'll increase the quantity of medicines by 300 boxes.
我们将增加300盒药品。
The maximum quantity of cotton jerseys this year is about DM25,000.
我们今年最多能订购大约25000马克的棉毛衫。
5,000 square metres of wool carpet is bigger than any order we've ever placed.
5000平方米的羊毛地毯超过了以往的订货。
　
（四）
As the package of sample is overweight, airmailing would be too expensive.
由于样品包装过重，空邮费用太高。
We sell our goods on shipping weight and not on landed weight.
我们出售产品是以装船重量为标准，而不是卸货重量。
But what in case there is short weight or disqualification?
但如果短重或是质量不合格怎么办？
They inspected the rice for any possible shortage.
他们检查了这批大米看其是否短重。
We're surprised to know that the weight is so short.
对短重的数量我们感到惊奇。
A shortage of 50M/Ts is a big loss for us.
50公吨的短重对我们是个不小的损失。
As for the shortage, I suggest your making up the quantity in your future shipment.
至于短重，我建议你们今后发货时补上。
Have you seen the shortage claim from our company?
您看过我公司的短重索赔报告了吗？
There is an overplus of 100 lbs.
重量超出了100磅。
There is an overage in weight of 25 kilos.
重量多了25公斤。
　
品质Quality

（一）
The goods are available in different qualities.
此货有多种不同的质量可供。
Nothing wrong will happen, so long as the quality of your article is good.
只要商品质量可靠，就不会发生差错。
If the quality of your products is satisfactory, we may place regular orders.
如果你们产品的质量使我们满意，我们将不断订货。
If the quality of your initial shipment is found satisfactory, large repeats will follow.
如果贵方第一批运来的货令人满意，随后将有大批续订。
There is no marked qualitative difference between the two.
两者在质量上无显著差异。
We sincerely hope the quality are in conformity with the contract stipulations.
我们真诚希望质量与合同规定相符。
As long as the quality is good, it hardly matters if the price is a little bit higher.
只要能保证质量，售价高点都无所谓。
Prices are fixed according to their quality, aren't they?
价格按质量的好坏而定，对吗？
The transferee must see to it that the quality of the product is maintained.
接受转让一方要负责保持产品的质量。
Our Certificate of Quality is made valid by means of the official seal.
我们的质量证明书盖公章方为有效。
We'll improve the quality of our products and production efficiency.
我们将改进产品质量，提高生产率。
They are fully qualified to pass opinions on the quality of this merchandise.
他们完全有资格对这种产品的质量发表意见。
We would like to have you offer us 100 metric tons, quality same as last.
希望您能报给我们100吨质量和上次相同的货。
We find the quality suitable (unsuitable) for our market.
产品质量适合（不适合）我们的市场。
We always have faith in the quality of your products.
对你们产品的质量我们总是很信任。
　
（二）
This is a quality product.
这是一种高质量的产品。
Those overcoats are of good quality and nice colour.
这批大衣质量高、成色好。
Our quartz technique is well known in the world, and we believe our watches are of fine quality.
我们的石英技术世界闻名，相信我们生产的手表具有高质量。
Our price is a little bit higher, but the quality of our products is better.
虽然价格偏高，但我们的产品质量很好。
Your goods are superior in quality compared with those of other manufacturers.
和其他厂商相比，贵方产品质量上乘。
The equipment are of good quality and very useful.
这些器械质量好，用处大。
Our products are very good in quality, and the price is low.
我们的产品质高价低。
We have received the goods you send us, the quality is excellent.
我们已经收到贵处来的货，质量很好。
　
（三）
We are responsible to replace the defective ones.
我们保换质量不合格的产品。
It's really something wrong with the quality of this consignment of bicycles.
这批自行车的质量确实有问题。
I regret this quality problem.
对质量问题我深表遗憾。
We hope that you'll pay more attention to the quality of your goods in the future.
希望贵方将来多注意产品的质量问题。
The workings of these machines are inaccurate.
这批机器运行不准。
Upon arrival, we found the shipment of wool was of poor quality.
货到后，我们发现羊毛的质量较差。
The quality of the fertilizer is inferior to that stipulated in the contract.
化肥质量次于合同中规定的。
The quality of this article cannot qualify for first-class.
这批商品的质量不够一等品。
If you find the quality of our products unsatisfactory, we're prepared to accept return of the rejected material within a week.
如果贵方对产品质量不满意，我们将在一星期内接受退货。
More than 300 watches are not up to standard.
有300多块手表不合质量标准。
　
（四）
We've received the sample which you sent us last Sunday.
我们已经收到了上星期天你方寄来的样品。
We've got here our sales samples Type 1. and Type 2.
这里是一号和二号样货。
Our quality is based solely on our sales samples.
我们的质量完全以货样为准。
We sell goods as per the sales sample, not the quality of any previous supplies.
我们销售产品是以货样为标准，而不是凭过去任何一批货的质量。
You know we sell our tea according to our samples.
你们知道我们是凭销售货样销售茶叶的。
You can see the difference between these grades.
你可以看看这些等级的差别。
These two grades are very much in demand.
这两种等级（的货）目前需求甚殷。
We are in urgent need of these two grades.
我们现在急需这两种等级的货。
The colour of the shipment is much darker than that of your previous consignment.
这批货的颜色比上批要暗许多。
No doubt you've received the outturn samples of the inferior quality goods.
你们一定收到了质量低劣产品的到货抽样。
I must advise you of the specifications of the goods.
我必须通知货物的规格。
Have you received the specifications as shown in our catalog?
你们收到了按我方目录所列的产品规格了吗？
The quality is all right, but the style is a bit outdated.
质量无问题，只是式样有点过时。
We found the goods didn't agree with the original patterns.
我们发现货物与原式样不符。
The "Double Fish" brand is not so bad, the design is fresh and vivid.
“双鱼”牌商标不错，图案新颖。
The new varieties have very vivid designs and beautiful colors.
那新产品图案新颖，色泽鲜艳。
We're here to discuss the trade marks of your products.
我们来谈谈贵产品的商标一事。
　
报盘和还盘 Offer & Counter-Offer

（一）
We have the offer ready for you.
我们已经为你准备好报盘了。
I come to hear about your offer for fertilizers.
我来听听你们有关化肥的报盘。
Please make us a cable offer.
请来电报盘。
Please make an offer for the bamboo shoots of the quality as that in the last contract.
请把上次合同中订的那种质量的竹笋向我们报个价。
We are in a position to offer tea from stock.
我们现在可以报茶叶现货。
We'll try our best to get a bid from the buyers.
我们一定尽力获得买主的递价。
We'll let you have the official offer next Monday.
下星期就给您正式报盘。
I'm waiting for your offer.
我正等您的报价。
We can offer you a quotation based upon the international market.
我们可以按国际市场价格给您报价。
We have accepted your firm offer.
我们已收到了你们报的实盘。
We offer firm for reply 11 a.m. tomorrow.
我们报实盘，以明天上午11点答复为有效。
We'll let you have our firm offer next Sunday.
下星期天我们就向你们发实盘。
We're willing to make you a firm offer at this price.
我们愿意以此价格为你报实盘。
Could you offer us F.O.B. prices.
能向我们报离岸价格吗？
All your prices are on C.I.F. basis.
你们所有价格都是成本加运费保险费价格。
Can you make an offer, C & F London, at your earliest convenience?
您能尽快报一个伦敦港成本加运费价格吗？
I'd like to have your lowest quotations, C.I.F. Vancouver.
请报温哥华到岸价的最低价格。
Please make us a cable offer for 5 metric tons of walnut.
请电报5吨核桃仁的价格。
Our offer is RMB300 per set of tape-recorder, F.O.B. Tianjin.
我们的报价是每台收录机300元人民币，天津离岸价。
We quote this article at $250 per M/T C&F.
我们报成本加运费价每吨250美元。
　
（二）
My offer was based on reasonable profit, not on wild speculations.
我的报价以合理利润为依据，不是漫天要价。
We have received offers recently, most of which are below 100 U.S. dollars.
我们最近的报价大多数都在100美元以下。
Moreover, We've kept the price close to the costs of production.
再说，这已经把价格压到生产费用的边缘了。
I think the price we offered you last week is the best one.
相信我上周的报价是最好的。
No other buyers have bid higher than this price.
没有别的买主的出价高于此价。
The price you offered is above previous prices.
你方报价高于上次。
It was a higher price than we offered to other suppliers.
此价格比我们给其他供货人的出价要高。
We can't accept your offer unless the price is reduced by 5%.
除非你们减价5%，否则我们无法接受报盘。
I'm afraid I don't find your price competitive at all.
我看你们的报价毫无任何竞争性。
Let me make you a special offer.
好吧，我给你一个特别优惠价。
We'll give you the preference of our offer.
我们将优先向你们报盘。
I should have thought my offer was reasonable.
我本以为我的报价是合理的。
You'll see that our offer compares favorably with the quotations you can get elsewhere.
你会发现我们的报价比别处要便宜。
This offer is based on an expanding market and is competitive.
此报盘着眼于扩大销路而且很有竞争性。
　
（三）
Our offers are for 3 days.
我们的报盘三天有效。
We have extended the offer as per as your request.
我们已按你方要求将报盘延期。
The offer holds good until 5 o'clock p.m. 23nd of June, 1997, Beijing time.
报价有效期到1997年6月22日下午5点，北京时间。
All prices in the price lists are subject to our confirmation.
报价单中所有价格以我方确认为准。
This offer is subject to your reply reaching here before the end of this month.
该报盘以你方本月底前到达我地为有效。
This offer is subject to the goods being unsold.
该报盘以商品未售出为准。
　
（四）
I'm afraid the offer is unacceptable.
恐怕你方的报价不能接受。
The offer is not workable.
报盘不可行。
The offer is given without engagement.
报盘没有约束力。
It is difficult to quote without full details.
未说明详尽细节难以报价。
Buyers do not welcome offers made at wide intervals.
买主不欢迎报盘间隔太久。
We cannot make any headway with your offer.
你们的报盘未得任何进展。
Please renew your offer for two days further.
请将报盘延期两天。
Please renew your offer on the same terms and conditions.
请按同样条件恢复报盘。
We regret we have to decline your offer.
很抱歉，我们不得不拒绝你方报盘。
The offer is withdrawn.
该报盘已经撤回。
We prefer to withhold offers for a time.
我们宁愿暂停报盘。
Buyers are worried at the lack of offer.
买主因无报盘而苦恼。
　
（五）
Let's have you counter-offer.
请还个价。
Do you want to make a counter-offer?
您是否还个价？
I appreciate your counter-offer but find it too low.
谢谢您的还价，可我觉得太低了。
Now we look forward to replying to our offer in the form of counter-offer.
现在我们希望你们能以还盘的形式对我方报盘予以答复。
Your price is too high to interest buyers in counter-offer.
你的价格太高，买方没有兴趣还盘。
Your counter-offer is much more modest than mine.
你们的还盘比我的要保守得多。
We make a counter-offer to you of $150 per metric ton F.O.B. London.
我们还价为每公吨伦敦离岸价150美元。
I'll respond to your counter-offer by reducing our price by three dollars.
我同意你们的还价，减价3元。

询盘 Inquiry

（一）
Heavy enquiries witness the quality of our products.
大量询盘证明我们产品质量过硬。
As soon as the price picks up, enquiries will revive.
一旦价格回升，询盘将恢复活跃。
Enquiries for carpets are getting more numerous.
对地毯的询盘日益增加。
Enquiries are so large that we can only than allot you 200 cases.
询盘如此之多，我们只能分给你们200箱货。
Enquiries are dwindling.
询盘正在减少。
Enquiries are dried up.
询盘正在绝迹。
They promised to transfer their future enquiries to Chinese Corporations.
他们答应将以后的询盘转给中国公司。
Generally speaking, inquiries are made by the buyers.
询盘一般由买方发出。
Mr. Baker is sent to Beijing to make an inquiry at China National Textiles Corporation.
贝克先生来北京向中国纺织公司进行询价。
We regret that the goods you inquire about are not available.
很遗憾，你们所询的货物现在无货。
In the import and export business, we often make inquiries at foreign suppliers.
在进出口交易中，我们常向外商询价。
To make an inquiry about our oranges, a representative of the Japanese company paid us a visit.
为了对我们的橙子询价，那家日本公司的一名代表访问了我们。
We cannot take care of your enquiry at present.
我们现在无力顾及你方的询盘。
Your enquiry is too vague to enable us to reply you.
你们的询盘不明确，我们无法答复。
Now that we've already made an inquiry about your articles, will you please reply as soon as possible?
既然我们已经对你们产品询价，可否尽快给予答复？
China National Silk Corporation received the inquiry sheet sent by a British company.
中国丝绸公司收到了英国一家公司的询价单。
Thank you for your inquiry.
谢谢你们的询价。
　
（二）
May I have an idea of your prices?
可以了解一下你们的价格吗？
Can you give me an indication of price?
你能给我一个估价吗？
Please let us know your lowest possible prices for the relevant goods.
请告知你们有关商品的最低价。
If your prices are favorable, I can place the order right away.
如果你们的价格优惠，我们可以马上订货。
When can I have your firm C.I.F. prices, Mr. Li?
李先生，什么时候能得到你们到岸价的实盘？
We'd rather have you quote us F.O.B.prices.
我们希望你们报离岸价格。
Would you tell us your best prices C.I.F. Humburg for the chairs.
请告诉你方椅子到汉堡到岸价的最低价格。
Words and Phrases
favorable 优惠的
firm price 实价，实盘
Will you please tell the quantity you require so as to enable us to sort out the offers?
为了便于我方报价，可以告诉我们你们所要的数量吗？
We'd like to know what you can offer as well as your sales conditions.
我们想了解你们能供应什么，以及你们的销售条件。
How long does it usually take you to make delivery?
你们通常要多久才能交货？
Could you make prompt delivery?
可以即期交货吗？
Would you accept delivery spread over a period of time?
不知你们能不能接受在一段时间里分批交货？
Could you tell me which kind of payment terms you'll choose?
能否告知你们将采用哪种付款方式？
Will you please tell us the earliest possible date you can make shipment?
你能否告知我们最早船期吗？
Do you take special orders?
你们接受特殊订货吗？
Could you please send us a catalog of your rubber boots together with terms of payment?
你能给我们寄来一份胶靴的目录，连同告诉我们付款方式吗？
he inquired about the varieties, specifications and price, and so on and so forth.
他询问了品种、花色和价格等情况。
We have inquired of Manager Zhang about the varieties, quality and price of tea.
我们向张经理询问了茶叶的品种、质量、价格等问题。
　
对外贸易与外贸关系 Foreign Trade & Foreign Trade

（一）
They mainly trade with Japanese firms.
他们主要和日本商行进行贸易。
For the past five years, we have done a lot of trade with your company.
在过去的五年中，我们与贵国进行了大量的贸易。
Our trade is conducted on the basis of equality.
我们是在平等的基础上进行贸易。
There has been a slowdown in the wool trade with you.
和你们的羊毛贸易已有所减少。
Our foreign trade is continuously expanding.
我们的对外贸易不断发展。
Trade in leather has gone up (down) 3%.
皮革贸易上升（下降）了百分之三。
Trade in general is improving.
贸易情况正在好转。
Our company mainly trades in arts and crafts.
我们公司主要经营手工艺品。
They are well-known in trade circles.
他们在贸易界很有名望。
We trade with people in all countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
我们在平等互利的基础上和各国人民进行贸易。
To respect the local custom of the buying country is one important aspect of China's foreign policy.
尊重买方国家的风俗习惯是我国贸易政策的一个重要方面。
Our purpose is to explore the possibilities of developing trade with you.
我们的目的是和你们探讨一下发展贸易的可能性。

（二）
Can we do a barter trade?
咱们能不能做一笔易货贸易呢？
Is it still a direct barter trade?
这还算是一种直接的易货贸易吗？
If you agree to our proposal of a barter trade, we'll give you paper in exchange for your timber.
如果你方同意我们进行易货贸易的建议，我们将用纸与你们交换木材。
Shall we sign a triangle trade agreement?
我们订一个三角贸易协议好吗？
A triangle trade can be carried out among the three of us.
我们三方可进行三角贸易。
Compensation trade is, in fact, a kind of loan.
补偿贸易实际上是一种信贷。
We may agree to do processing trade with you.
我们同意与你们进行来料加工贸易。
If you're interested in leasing trade, please let us know.
如果你们有意做租赁贸易，请告诉我们。
We wonder whether you do counter trade.
我们不知道你们是否做抵偿贸易。
　
（三）
We want to develop direct contact with Continental buyers for ourselves.
我们想为自己的公司同欧洲大陆的买主建立起直接的联系。
We see that your firm specializes in Light Industrial Goods, and we are willing to establish business relationship with you.
得知贵公司专门经营轻工业品，我们愿意与贵公司建立业务关系。
We are one of the largest importers of Electric Goods in this city, and we wish to establish business relationship with you.
我们是此地最大的电器进口商之一，愿意与你们建立业务关系。
We are willing to enter into business relationship with your company on the basis of equality and mutual benefit.
我们愿在平等互利的基础上与贵公司建立业务关系。
Our two countries have had trade relations for ten years.
我们两国之间已经有了10年的贸易关系。
We've never had any difficulties with our Chinese partners, and we'd like to make as many new contacts as we can.
和中国同行共事从来没有什么困难，希望今后我们之间尽可能多地建立新的关系。
We have made a very good start in our business with Japan.
我们和日本在业务上有了良好的开端。
Our company is thinking of expanding its business relationship with China.
我公司想扩大与中国的贸易关系。
As is known, we set great store by the trade relationship with the third world countries.
众所周知，我们十分重视同第三世界国家的贸易关系。
We look forward to reactivating our business relationship.
我们盼望我们的业务关系重新活跃起来。
We shall welcome a chance to renew our friendly relationship.
很高兴能有机会来恢复我们的友好关系。
We'll try our best to widen our business relationship with you.
我们将尽力扩大同你们的贸易关系。
We're writing you in order to establish business relationship.
我们写此信是为了与你方建立业务关系。
The arrangement will contribute to cement our pleasant relationship.
此项安排将有助于巩固我们良好的关系。
We're willing to restore our business relationship.
我们希望能恢复贸易关系。
It will be advantageous if steps are taken to resume our business relationship on the basis of mutual benefit.
如果我们采取措施在互利的基础上恢复业务关系，对我们都是有利的。
The depressed market results in the stagnation of trade.
市场萧条导致贸易停滞。
We have been doing quite well in our business, we are willing to open an account with you.
我们的生意一直做得不错，希望能与你们建立帐户往来关系。
　
（四）
When could you introduce me to your sister company?
什么时候把贵公司的兄弟公司介绍给我们？
Would you please introduce us to some of the most reliable exporters of Chinese handicrafts?
请向我们推荐一些最可靠的中国手工艺品出口商，可以吗？
If you are interested in dealing, with us in other products of our company, please inform us of your requirements as well as your banker's name and address.
如果你们有意经营我公司其他产品，请告知你方要求及往来银行的名称和地址。
Because of the rapid development of our business in Asia, we think it's necessary to open a branch at the following address.
鉴于我们在亚洲地区业务的迅速发展，有必要在下列地点设立分公司。
We've often expressed our interest in investing in China.
我们一直对在中国投资很感兴趣。
Our abundant resources and stable policy provide foreigners with the advantages they invest here.
我们丰富的资源和稳定的政策为外商投资提供了有利条件。
Thank you for your manner of business cooperation.
我们对你们的合作态度非常满意。
We have been working on expanding our scope of cooperation with China.
我们一直努力设法扩大与中国的合作范围。
We believe in long-term cooperation with China because we view the future as bright.
我们相信与中国长期合作的前途是光明的。