外贸英语900句1

佣金 Commission

（一）
He came to China to hold a talk about the commission for his new business.
他来中国是洽谈有关生意中的佣金问题。
What about the commission?
佣金是多少？
Usually a 1% commission is given to our agent.
一般情况下，我们给代理商百分之一的佣金。
We'll give you a 3% commission on every transaction.
每笔交易我们都付给百分之三的佣金。
We expect a 5% commission, of course.
当然，我们希望能得到百分之五的佣金。
We're usually paid with a 5% commission of the amount for every deal.
对每笔交易的成交量，我们通常付给5%的佣金。
Our agents in other areas usually get a 3-5% commission.
我方其他地区的代理通常得到3-5%的佣金。
We can get 4.5% commission if 10,000 cases are ordered.
如果订1万箱，我们可以得到4.5%的佣金。
The commission from our corporation is very favourable.
我们公司给的佣金很优惠。
The above price includes your commission of 2%.
上述价格包括百分之二的佣金在内。
The above price excludes your commission.
上述价格不包括佣金在内。
This amount includes all commission.
这一数字包括所有佣金的数目。
Our quotation is subject to a 4% commission.
我方报价包括百分之四的佣金在内。
Generally speaking, commission depends on the quantity of goods ordered.
一般来说，佣金多少由订货量决定。
You can get a higher commission rate if you order a bigger quantity.
如果你们订货量大，佣金率就会高。
It's better for us to start business on commission basis first.
对我们来说，最好能在给佣金的基础上开展交易。
We don't pay any commission on our traditional products.
对我们的传统产品，概不付给佣金。
Commission is allowed to agents only.
我们只对代理付佣金。
We don't pay commission to firms dealing with us on principal-to principal basis.
对于不通过中间商直接往来的商号，我们一概不付给佣金。

（二）
The commission has been increased to 5% in your favour.
贵方佣金已增至百分之五。
You can grant us an extra commission of 2% to cover the additional risk.
你们可以获得另外百分之二的佣金，以补偿你受的额外风险。
We'll get 0.5% more in commission for our effort.
经过努力，我们可以多谋到百分之零点五的佣金。
For every additional 10 pieces of pianos sold, we'll give you 0.2% more commission.
每笔交易若能多卖出10架钢琴，你们可以多得百分之零点二的佣金。
We can't agree to increase the rate of commission.
我们不能同意增加佣金率。
A 5% commission means an increase in our price.
百分之五的佣金就等于价格提高了。
A higher commission means a higher price.
如果佣金提高了，价格也要提高。
A 4% commission is the maximum.
我们最多给百分之四的佣金。
Is it possible to increase the commission to 4%?
能不能把佣金提高到百分之四呢？
Even a 6% commission is not high.
甚至百分之六的佣金都不算高。
2% commission is not enough, is it?
百分之二的佣金是不是少了点？
The present commission isn't enough.
现有的佣金不够。
There are three items of commission left unpaid.
只剩三笔交易的佣金未付。
　
代理 Agency

（一）
In consideration of your extensive experience in the field, we are glad to appoint you as our agent.
考虑到你们在这一业务范围的丰富经验，我们很高兴指定你们为我们的代理。
I'm entitled to being appointed as your agent.
我有权被指定为你方代理。
We keep a stock in London and act as distributors as well as agents.
我们在伦敦有库存并经营销售兼做代理。
We've decided to entrust you with the sole agency for cars.
我们决定委托你作为我们汽车的独家代理。
Thank you for your proposal of acting as our agent.
谢谢你方作为我们代理的建议。
If we come to terms, we'll appoint you as our agent.
如果达成协议，我们将指定你为我方的代理。
We wish to handle as an agent the goods you are exporting.
我们愿意担任你们出口商品的代理。
We can play an important part as a buying agent in your overseas trade.
我们能在担任你方海外贸易的进口代理中起重要作用。
We're in a position to take good care of your import business as a buying agent.
我们能负起作为你方进口业务中买放代理的责任。
Please get in touch with our agents for the supply of the goods you require.
你们所需的商品，请与我们的代理联系。
We'll leave aside the problem of agency until next week.
我们暂时把代理问题搁置到下周。
We're not prepared to take the agency into consideration for the time being.
目前我们还不准备考虑代理问题。
We won't consider agency in your market at present.
我们目前不考虑在你地市场的代理问题。
We have to decline your proposal of acting as our sole agency.
我们不得不谢绝你们作为我方独家代理的建议。
I think it premature for us to discuss the question of agency.
我认为现在讨论代理问题为时过早。
　
（二）
Unless you increase the turnover, we can hardly appoint you as our sole agent.
除非你们增加营业额，否则我们无法指定你们作为我方的独家代理。
Don't you think the annual turnover for a sole agent is rather conservative?
对独家代理来讲，这样一个年销售量，您不认为太保守吗？
It was two years ago that we made them our sole agent.
我们是在两年前委任他们为我方独家代理的。
When opportunity matures, we will consider making you our exclusive agent for the U.K.
当机会成熟时，我们将考虑委托你为我方在联合王国的独家代理。
We'll consider appointing you as our sole agent for our T shirts for the next two years in your local market.
我们将考虑指定您为贵国市场上T恤衫的独家代理，为期两年。
I am here today to apply for the sole agency of your product in our local market.
我今天来是为了申请做你方产品在我国市场上的独家代理。
How can we appoint you as our sole agent for such a small quantity?
订货量如此之少，我们怎能请您做独家代理呢？
I propose a sole agency agreement for bicycles for a period of 3 years.
我建议订一个专销自行车的为期三年的独家代理协议。
We are not yet prepared to take the question of sole agent into consideration for the time being.
我们目前还不准备考虑有关独家代理的问题。
Your application for sole agency is now under our careful consideration.
我们正在仔细考虑你方想要独家（经营）代理的请求。
We should be interested in acting as your sole agent.
我们很乐意做贵公司的独家代理人。
　
（三）
When do you expect to sign the agency agreement?
您何时签定代理协议呢？
The agency agreement has been drawn up for the period of one year.
为期一年的代理协议书已经拟订出来。
I want to sign a sole agency agreement with you on this item for a period of 2 years.
我想和你们签定一项为期两年的独家代理协议。
The agency agreement was made out with great care and we have found no loopholes in it.
代理协议书制订的非常仔细，我们没有发现里面有漏洞。
I hope we can see eye to eye about the other terms of the agency then.
我希望到那时候我们能在代理协议的其他条款上能取得一致意见。
We wonder whether we may conclude a long term agency contract with you.
我们不知道能否与你方达成长期代理合约。
Well, what annual quantity would you like to suggest for the new agreement then?
那么，您认为在新的协议中年销售量应是多少呢？
Our agency agreement calls for a timely market report.
我们的代理协议要求你方及时递交市场报告一份。
Since the agency agreement was signed, your turnover has amounted to $500.
自从代理协议签定以后，你们的销售额已达500美元。
I hope you'll spare no efforts to promote the sale of our products so as to pave the way for renewing the agency agreement when it expires at the end of this year.
希望贵能尽力促进销售，为协议在今年年底期满后续订铺平道路。
We can renew the agreement of agency on its expiry.
我们可以在代理协议期满时续订。
I've come again to renew our sole agency agreement for another 3 years.
我们这次再访是想把我们之间的独家代理协议延长三年。

销售 Sale

（一）
Your T shirts can find a ready market in the eastern part of our country.
贵国的T恤在我国东部市场很畅销。
We all understand that Chinese shippers are very popular in your market on account of their superior quality and competitive price.
我们都知道中国拖鞋因价廉物美而畅销于你方市场。
This product has been a best seller for nearly one year.
该货成为畅销货已经将近1年了。
There is a good market for these articles.
这些商品畅销。
There is a poor market for these articles.
这些商品滞销。
There is no market for these articles.
这些商品无销路。
Your bicycles find a ready market here.
你们的自行车在此地销路很好。
They talked over at great length the matter of how to increase the sale of your products.
他们详细地讨论了怎样增加你方产品的销售。
Please furnish us with more information from time to time so that we may find outlets for our stationery.
由于对此货物的需求将不断增加，请提前补充货源。
They are doing their utmost to open up an outlet.
他们正在尽最大努力以打开销路。
Our demand for this product is steadily on the increase.
我们对该产品的需求正在稳步地增长。
We are sure that you can sell more this year according to the marketing conditions at your end.
根据你地的市场情况，我们确信今年你们有望销得更好。
Packing has a close bearing on sales.
包装对产品的销路有很大关系。
We are trying to find a market for this article.
我们正在努力为此项商品找销路。
We regret we cannot find any market for this article.
我们很抱歉不能为此项商品找到销路。
According to our experience, these handicrafts can find a ready market in Japan.
根据我们的经验，这些手工艺品在日本销路很好。
We can discuss further details when you have a thorough knowledge of the marketing possibilities of our products.
等你们全面了解我们产品销售可能性之后，我们再进一步细谈。
According to your estimate, what is the maximum annual turnover you could fulfill?
据你估计，你能完成的最大年销售量是多少呢？
The market situation is not known to us.
我们还不了解市场情况。
Your market still has great potential.
你们的市场仍有很大潜力。
There are only a few unsold pieces.
只有几件商品未售出。

（二）
Promoting the sale of your suits has proved successful.
推销你们的西装还很顺利。
There appear to be no difficulty in marketing these products.
在市场上推销这些产品似乎没有什么困难。
We learn that you have years of experience in pushing the sale of porcelain products.
我们得知你们在推销瓷器方面很有经验。
Meanwhile, we should like to know your plan to push the sale of our products.
同时，我们很想了解你方推销我们产品的计划。
You are experienced in promoting the sale of our craft paper.
你方在推销我们的牛皮纸方面很有经验。
I can assure you we've spared no effort and spent quite a sum of money in pushing the sales of your products.
我可以向你保证在推销你方产品时，我们从没放松努力，并且动用了大量的资金。
We've spared no effort in promoting the sale of your products.
我们为推销你们的产品是竭尽全力的。
Our salesmen have worked hard to push the sale of your products here, there and everywhere.
我们几个推销员努力工作，四处奔走。
Thanks for all the work you've done to promote the sale of our products.
感谢您为推销我们的产品所作的努力。

索赔 Claim

（一）
Claims occur frequently in international trade.
国际贸易中经常发生索赔现象。
We are now lodging a claim with you.
我们现在向贵方提出索赔。
I've heard that you have lodged a claim against us.
听说你们已经向我们提出了索赔。
We've given your claim our careful consideration.
我们已经就你们提出的索赔做了仔细研究。
We lodged a claim with you on fertilizer yesterday.
昨天我们就化肥问题向贵方提出索赔。
We filed a claim with(against) you for the shortweight.
关于短重问题，我们已经向你方提出索赔。
The Chinese representative and Mr.Bake discussed the claim.
中方代表与贝克先生商谈了索赔问题。
We have received the letters giving full details of this claim.
我们已经收到了内容详尽的索赔信件。
Sometimes the shipping company or insurance company is found to be responsible for the claim.
有时候，船公司或保险公司应负责赔偿。
　
（二）
I was asked to come to your company on my way home in order to settle the claim.
我顺路来你们公司是为了处理索赔问题的。
We have received your remittance in settlement of our claim.
我们已经收到你方解决我们索赔问题的汇款。
Claims for incorrect material must be made within 60 days after arrival of the goods.
有关不合格材料的索赔问题必须在货到后60天内予以解决。
I want to settle our claim on you for the 100 tons of bleached cotton waste, as per Sales Confirmation No. 1254E.
我们想处理一下关于销售确认书第1254E号100吨漂白废棉的索赔问题。
We have already made a careful investigation of the case.
我们已经对这个索赔案件做了详细的调查研究。
We are not in a position to entertain your claim.
我们不能接受你们提出的索赔要求。
But we regret our inability to accommodate your claim.
很抱歉我们不能接受你方索赔。
We may consider withdrawing the claim.
我们可以考虑撤回索赔要求。
I'll write to our home office to waive our claim immediately.
我立即写信给我们的总公司提出放弃索赔。
　
（三）
I'm afraid you should compensate us by 5% of the total amount of the contract.
贵公司要赔偿我方合同全部金额的百分之五。
I propose we compensate you by 3% of the total value plus inspection fee.
我想我们赔偿贵方百分之三的损失，另外加上商检费。
We regret for the loss you have suffered and agree to compensate you by $500.
我们对你方遭受的损失深表歉意，同意向你们赔偿500美圆。
We register a claim for US$200.
我们提出索赔200美圆。
The Japanese Company agreed to compensate us for the defective watches by 4% of the total value.
日本一家公司同意就手表不精确向我们赔偿总价值的百分之四。

（四）
There are some different types of claims.
索赔有几种不同的类型。
This is a claim on quality.
这是质量索赔。
This is a claim on shortweight.
这是短重索赔
This is a claim on delayed shipment.
这是延期装运索赔。
Claim on shortweight is caused by packing damage or shortloading.
短重索赔是由包装破损或装运短重引起的。
Claim on delayed shipment is that sellers fail to make the delivery according to time schedule.
延期索赔是对卖方没有按时装运货物而提出的索赔。
Claim on quality originates from inferior quality of goods or quality changes.
品质（质量）索赔是在货物质量低劣或是质量改变的条件下发生的。
　
合同 Contract

（一）
We'll have the contract ready for signature.
我们应准备好合同待签字。
We signed a contract for medicines.
我们签订了一份药品合同。
Mr. Zhang sings the contract on behalf of the China National Silk Import & Export Corporation.
张先生代表中国丝绸进出口总公司在合同上签了字。
A Japanese company and SINOCHEM have entered into a new contract.
中国化工进出口总公司已经和日本一家公司签订了一份新合同。
It was because of you that we landed the contract.
因为有了你，我们才签了那份合同。
We offered a much lower price, so they got the contract.
由于我们报价低，他们和我们签了合同。
Are we anywhere near a contract yet?
我们可以（接近于）签合同了吗？
We sign a contract when we are acting as principals.("principals" refers to the "seller" and the "buyer")
当我们作为货主时都要签订合同。（这里的“货主”指合同中的卖方和买方）
I know we (the seller) should draw up a contract and the buyer has to sign it.
我们知道我们（卖方）应该拟出一份合同，买方必须签署合同。
We should simultaneously sign two contracts, one sales contract for beef and mutton, and the other contract of equal value for the purchase of cotton.
我们同时签两个合同，一是牛羊肉的销售（出口）合同，另一个是等额的棉花购买（进口）合同。
We both want to sign a contract, and we have to make some concessions to do it.
我们都想签合同，因此双方都要做些让步。
We are here to discuss a new contract with you.
我们来这里和您谈谈订一份新合同的问题。
Our current contract is about to expire, and we'll need to discuss a new one.
欧文们现有合同快要期满了，需要再谈一个新合同。
We can repeat the contract on the same terms.
我们可以按同样条件再订一个合同。
A few problems with supply under the old contract must be quickly resolved.
老合同中的一些供货问题必须尽快解决。
We ought to clear up problems arising from the old contract.
我们应该清理一下老合同中出现的问题。
Do you always make out a contract for every deal?
每笔交易都需要订一份合同吗？
As per the contract, the construction of factory is now under way.
根据合同规定，工厂的建设正在进行中。

（二）
Look at this contract.
请看这份合同。
These are two originals of the contract we prepared.
这是我们准备好的两份合同正本。
We enclose our sales contract No.45 in duplicate.
附上我们第45号销售合同一式两份。
The copy of our contract will be returned.
合同的副本将被归还。
This contract is for 250 metric tons of groundnuts at RMB1800 per M/T C&F Copenhagen.
这是一份250吨花生的合同，价格为每公吨哥本哈根成本加运费价1800元。
May I refer you to Article 5 of the General Terms and Conditions of the contract?
请您看看合同一般条款的第五条。
May I refer you to the contract stipulation about packing (or shipping....)?
请您看看合同中有关包装（装运）的规定。
You must state the description of the goods, the quantity and the unit price in each contract.
每笔合同中都应该提到的商品的性能说明、数量和单价。
What are the main clauses in the contract?
合同中的主要条款有哪些？
There is an arbitration clause in the contract. (or insurance clause, inspection clause, shipping clause...)
这是合同中的一项仲裁条款。（或：保险条款，检验条款，装运条款等）
Payment terms are important in a contract too, aren't they?
合同中的付款条件也很重要，对吗？
We ship our goods in accordance with the terms of the contract.
我们按合同条款交货。
I'm sure that shipment will be effected according to the contract stipulation.
我保证我们能按合同规定如期装船。
We sincerely hope that both quality and quantity are in conformity with the contract stipulations.
我们真诚希望质量、数量都与合同规定相吻合。
All terms and conditions will be the same as those in your previous contract number C70064.
所有条款与我们过去签的第C70064号合同规定的各项条款相同。
The contract states that the supplier will be charged a penalty if there is a delay in delivery.
合同规定如果供货商延误交货期，将被罚款。
When the goods aren't up to specification stated in the contract, there is also a penalty for poor quality.
如果所交货物与合同所规定规格不符，还有品质恶劣罚款。

（三）
The contract comes into effect today, we can't go back on our word now.
合同已于今日生效，我们不能反悔了
Once the contract is approved by the Chinese government, it is legally binding upon both parties.
合同一经中国政府批准，对双方就有了法律约束力。
We have to hold you to the contract.
我们不得不要求你们按合同办事。
You must put their rights and interest into a contract.
你们必须把他们的权益订在合同中。
We always carry out the terms o four contract to the letter and stand by what we say.
我们坚持重合同，守信用。
It's clearly a breach of contract.
这显然是违反了合同。
Any deviation from the contract will be unfavourable.
任何违反合同之事都是不利的。
The buyer has the option of canceling the contract.
买主有权撤消合同。
You have no grounds for backing out of the contract.
你们没有正当理由背弃合同。
In case one party fails to carry out the contract, the other party is entitled to cancel the contract.
如果一方不执行合同，另一方有权撤消该合同。
Are you worrying about the non-execution of the contract and non-payment on our part?
你是否担心我们不履行合同或者拒不付款？
You cannot cancel the contract without first securing our agreement.
如果没有事先征得我们同意，你们不能取消合同。
This contract will come into force as soon as it is signed by two parties.
合同一经双方签定即生效。
Once a contract is made, it must be strictly implemented.
合同一旦确定就应严格执行。

商品检验 Commodity Inspection

（一）
Shall we take up the question of inspection today?
今天咱们讨论商品检验问题吧。
The inspection of commodity is no easy job.
商检工作不是那么简单。
Mr. Black is talking with the Chinese importer about inspecting the goods.
布莱克先生与中方进口商就商品检验问题进行洽谈。
As an integral part of the contract, the inspection of goods has its special importance.
作为合同里的一个组成部分，商品检验具有特殊的重要性。
We should inspect this batch of porcelainware to see if there is any breakage.
我们要检查一下这批瓷器是否有破损的。
The exporters have the right to inspect the export goods before delivery to the shipping line.
出口商在向船运公司托运前有权检验商品。
The inspection should be completed within a month after the arrival of the goods.
商品检验工作在到货后一个月内完成。
How should we define the inspection rights?
商检的权力怎样加以明确呢？
I'm worried that there might be some disputes over the results of inspection.
我担心对商检的结果会发生争议。
We'll accept the goods only if the results from the two inspections are identical with each other.
如果双方的检测结果一致，我们就收货。

（二）
Where do you wish to reinspect the goods?
您希望在哪里复验商品？
The importers have the right to reinspect the goods after their arrival.
进口商在货到后有权复验商品。
What's the time limit for the reinspection?
复验的时限是什么时候？
It's very complicated to have the goods reinspected and tested.
这批货测试和复验起来比较复杂。
What if the results from the inspection and the reinspection do not coincide with each other?
如果检验和复验的结果有出入该怎么办呢？
　
（三）
Who issues the inspection certificate in case the quality do not confirm to the contract?
如果货物的质量与合同不符，由谁出具检验证明书呢？
The certificate will be issued by China Import and Export Commodity Inspection Bureau or by any of its branches.
检验证明书将由中国进出口商品检验局或其分支机构出具。
The Inspection Certificate will be signed by the commissioner of your bureau.
检验证明书将由商检局局长签字。
Our certificates are made valid by means of the official seal and personal chop of the commissioner.
我们的证明书以盖公章和局长签字为有效。
As a rule, our certificate is made out in Chinese and English.
通常证明书是用中文和英文开具的。
You may have another certificate showing the goods to be free from radioactive contamination.
你们还要出具另一份证明书，以证明货物没有受放射线污染。
Our goods must be up to export standards before the Inspection Bureau releases them.
我们的货物只有在符合出口标准后，商检局才予以放行。
Our Inspection Bureau will issue a Veterinary Inspection Certificate to show that the shipment is in conformity with export standards.
商检局将出具动物检疫证明书以证明货物符合出口标准。
Is it convenient for you to engage a surveyor?
你们联系公证方便吗？
We have the best surveyor, China Import and Export Commodity Inspection Bureau.
我们有最好的公证行，即中国进出口商品检验局。
　
保险 Insurance

（一）
I'm looking for insurance from your company.
我是到贵公司来投保的。
Mr. Zhang met Mr. William in the office of the People' Insurance Company of China.
张先生在中国人民保险公司的办公室接待了威廉先生。
After loading the goods on board the hip, I go to the insurance company to have them insured.
装船后，我到保险公司去投保。
When should I go and have the tea insured?
我什么时候将这批茶叶投保？
All right. Let's leave insurance now.
好吧，保险问题就谈到这里。
I have come to explain that unfortunate affair about the insurance.
我是来解释这件保险的不幸事件的。
I must say that you've corrected my ideas about the insurance.
我该说你们已经纠正了我对保险的看法。
This information office provides clients with information on cargo insurance.
这个问讯处为顾客提供大量关于货物投保方面的信息。
The underwriters are responsible for the claim as far as it is within the scope of cover.
只要是在保险责任范围内，保险公司就应负责赔偿。
The loss in question was beyond the coverage granted by us.
损失不包括在我方承保的范围内。
The extent of insurance is stipulated in the basic policy form and in the various risk clause.
保险的范围写在基本保险单和各种险别的条款里。
Please fill in the application form.
请填写一下投保单。
　
（二）
What risks is the People's Insurance Company of China able to cover?
中国人民保险公司承保的险别有哪些？
What risks should be covered?
您看应该保哪些险？
What kind of insurance are you able to provide for my consignment?
贵公司能为我的这批货保哪些险呢？
It's better for you to can the leaflet, and then make a decision.
你最好先看看说明书，再决定保什么险。
These kinds of risks suit your consignment.
这些险别适合你要投保的货物。
May I ask what exactly insurance covers according to your usual C.I.F. terms?
请问根据你们常用的CIF价格条件，所保的究竟包括哪些险别？
It 's important for you to read the "fine print" in any insurance policy so that you know what kind of coverage you are buying.
阅读保险单上的“细则”对你是十分重要的，这样就能知道你要买的保险包括哪些项目。

（三）
what is the insurance premium?
保险费是多少？
The premium is to be calculated in this way.
保险费是这样计算的。
The total premium is 800 U.S. dollars.
保险费总共是800美圆。
The cover paid for will vary according to the type of goods and the circumstances.
保险费用按照货物类别的具体情况会有所不同。
The rates quoted by us are very moderate. Of course, the premium varies with the range of insurance.
我们所收取的费率是很有限的，当然，保险费用要根据投保范围的大小而有所不同。
According to co-insurance clauses, the insured person must pay usually 20 percent of the total expenses covered.
根据共同保险条款，保险人通常必须付全部费用的百分之二十。
The insurance rate for such kink of risk will vary according to the kind.
这类险别的保险费率将根据货物种类而定。
Insurance brokers will quote rates for all types of cargo and risks.
保险经纪人会开出承保各类货物的各种险别的费用。
Can you give me an insurance rate?
您能给我一份保险率表吗？
Could you find out the premium rate for porcelain?
您能查一下瓷器的保险费率吗？
You should study not only the benefits but also the terms and limitations of an insurance agreement that appears best suited to your needs.
你不仅要研究各种保险所标明的给予保险人的赔偿费用，还要研究它的条件与限制，然后选出最适合你需要的一种。
　
（四）
F.P.A. stands for "Free from Particular Average".
FPA代表平安险。
W.P.A. stands for "With Particular Average".
WPA代表水渍险。
I'll have the goods covered against Free from Particular Average.
我将为货物投保平安险。
I know that F.P.A. insurance doesn't cover losses on consumer goods.
我知道平安险不包括消费品的种种损失。
I don't think that the W.P.A insurance covers more risks than the F.P.A..
我认为水渍险承保的范围并不比平安险的范围宽。
Free from Particular Average is good enough.
只保平安险就可以了。
The goods are to be insured F.P.A..
这批货需投保平安险。
What you've covered is Leakage.
你所投保的是渗漏险。
Why don't you wish to cover Risk of Breakage?
您为什么不想投保破碎险呢？
W.P.A coverage is too narrow for a shipment of this nature, please extend the coverage to include TPND.
针对这种性质的货物只保水渍险是不够的，请加保偷盗提货不成险。
Don't you wish to arrange for W.P.A. and additional coverage against Risk of Breakage?
您不想保水渍险和附加破碎险吗？
Not every breakage is a particular average.
并不是所有的破碎险都属于单独海损。
The coverage is W.P.A. plus Risk of Breakage.
投保的险别为水渍险加破碎险。
Well, obviously you won't want All Risks cover.
显然，你不想保综合险。
An All Risks policy covers every sort of hazard, doesn't it?
一份综合险保单保所有的险，是吗？
We'd like to cover the porcelain ware against All Risks.
我们想为这批瓷器投保综合险。
Please insure the shipment for RMB5,000 against All Risks.
请将这批货物投保综合险人民币5000元。
We've cover insurance on these goods for 10% above the invoice value against All Risks.
我们已经将这些货物按发票金额加百分之十投保综合险。
An F.P.A. policy only covers you against total loss in the case of minor perils.
平安险只有在发生较小危险时才给保全部损失险。
The F.P.A. doesn't cover partial loss of the nature of particular average.
平安险不包括单独海损性质的部分损失。
A W.P.A. or W.A. policy covers you against partial loss in all cases.
水渍险在任何情况下都给保部分损失险。
You'll cover SRCC risks, won't you?
你们要保罢工、暴动、民变险，是吗？
As our usual practice, insurance covers basic risks only, at 110 percent of the invoice value. If coverage against other risks is required, such as breakage, leakage, TPND, hook and contamination damages, the extra premium involved would be for the buyer's account.
按照我们的惯例，只保基本险，按发票金额110%投保。如果要加保其它险别，例如破碎险、渗漏险、盗窃遗失险、钩损和污染险等，额外保险费由买方负担。

（五）
We can serve you with a broad range of coverage against all kinds of risks for sea transport.
我公司可以承保海洋运输的所有险别。
Generally speaking, aviation insurance is much cheaper than marine insurance.
空运保险一般要比海运保险便宜。
Then "all marine risks" means less than "all risks".
那么，“一切海洋运输货物险”意味着比“一切险”范围小一些。
In the insurance business, the term "average" simply means "loss" in most cases.
在保险业中“average”一词一般是“海损”的意思。
Are there any other clauses in marine policies?
海运险还包括其它条款吗？
Breakage is a particular average, isn't it?
破碎险属于一种单独海损，对吗？
The risk of breakage is covered by marine insurance, isn't it?
破碎险是包括在海洋运输货物险之内的，对吗？
The English understood by "marine risks" only risks incident to transport by sea.
英国人对“海洋运输货物险”只理解为海洋中的意外风险。
Generally, the term "all marine risks" is liable to be misinterpreted and its use should be avoided in L/C.
一般地，“一切海洋运输货物险”容易被误解，应该避免在信用证中使用。

（六）
Please tell me whether I need to purchase a foreign student policy.
告诉我是否我需要购买外国学生保险。
I'd like to know whether basic health insurance coverage should include benefits for outpatient, hospital, surgery and medical expenses.
我想知道基本健康保险所列的项目是否应包括医院门诊，住院，手术及药品等费用的赔偿。
Will you please tell me where I can purchase health insurance?
请告诉我在何处能买到健康保险？
Health insurance is merely a mean by which people pool money to guard against the sudden economic consequences of sickness or injury.
健康保险就是筹集一些钱以预防疾病或受伤而突然发生的经济困难。
"Major medical" insurance policies are designed to help offset heavy medical expenses that can result from a prolonged illness or serious injury.
“巨额医药费保险”旨在协助减轻久病及重伤所造成的重大医药开支。
If the benefits provided under a certain policy have a dollar limitation for each service, you should determine whether these limitations are realistic.
如果某一家保险公司的健康保险对每种服务定有赔偿限额，你应断定这些限额是否合乎实际。