外贸英语900句2
付款 Payment Terms

（一）
Payment is to be effected (made) before the end of this month.
这个月末以前应该付款。
It's convenient to make payment in pound sterling.
用英镑付款较方便。
Now, as regards payment, we've agreed to use U.S. Dollar, am I right?
至于付款，我们已同意用美元，对吗？
We may have some difficulties making payment in Japanese yen.
用日元付款可能会有困难。
I've never made payment in Renminbi before.
我从未用过人民币付款。
We can't accept payment on deferred terms.
我们不能接受延期付款。
What's your reason for the refusal of payment?
你们拒付的理由是什么？
Collection is not paid.
托收款未得照付。
We don't think you'll refuse to pay.
我们相信你们不会拒付。
Only one refusal of payment is acceptable to the bank.
银行只接受一次拒付。
You ought to pay us the bank interest once payment is wrongly refused.
如果拒付错了，你们应该偿付我方的银行利息。
We'll not pay until shipping documents for the goods have reached us.
见不到货物装船单据，我们不付款。
We're worrying that a decline in prices might lead to refusal of payment.
我们担心市场价格下跌会引起拒付。
Of course payment might be refused if anything goes wrong with the documents.
如果单据有问题，当然可以提出拒付。
The equipment will be paid in installments with the commodities produced by our factory.
设备以我们工厂生产的产品分期偿还。
　
（二）
Now we have settled the terms of payment.
现在我们已经谈妥了付款条件。
Shall we have a talk about terms of payment today?
我们今天谈谈付款条件怎么样？
What is the mode of payment you wish to employ?
您希望用什么方式付款？
This is the normal terms of payment in international business.
这是国际贸易中惯用的付款方式。
We can't accept any other terms of payment.
我们不能接受其他的付款条件。
If you can't be more flexible, we won't accept your terms of payment.
如果你们不能灵活些，我们将不接受此种付款方式。

（三）
Please protect our draft on presentation.
请见票即付。
Your draft will be honoured on presentation.
你方的汇票见票即付。
The draft was discounted in New York.
汇票已经在纽约贴现。
Our draft No.36 was dishonoured.
我们的第三十六号汇票被拒付了。
The draft has not been collected.
汇票之款尚未收进。
We'll be unable to meet these draft.
我们无力兑付这些汇票。
We've drawn a clean draft on you for the value of this sample shipment.
我们已经开出支票向你方索取这批货的价款。
We've drawn on you for payment of the invoice amounting to $20,000.
我们已经按照发票金额20，000美元向你方开出了汇票。
The draft has been handed to the bank on clean collection.
汇票已经交银行按光票托收。
You can draw on me just as if there were a letter of credit.
您就当作有信用证一样，向我开汇票托收。
We're sending our draft through Bank of China for documentary collection.
我们将汇票交中国银行按跟单托收。
We'll draw on you by our documentary draft at sight on collection basis.
我们将按托收方式向你方开出即期跟单汇票。
We'll draw a sight bill in favour of the Export Bank Singapore.
我们要开立一张以新加坡出口银行为收款人的即期汇票。
We've already remitted the amount by cheque.
我们已经将款以支票汇出。
We enclose a cheque for RMB200.
我们附上人民币200元的支票一张。
　
（四）
We regret we can't accept payment "cash against document".
很抱歉，我们不能接受凭单付款办法。
We'll agree to change the terms of payment from L/C at sight to D/P at sight.
我们同意将即期信用证付款方式改为即期付款交单。
We accept D/P payment for future dealings.
以后的交易我们以付款交单方式支付。
We can do the business on 60 days D/P basis.
我们可以按60天付款交单的方式进行交易。
We agree to draw at 30 days D/P.
我们同意开立30天期的付款交单汇票。
We'll draw D/P against your purchase.
我们按付款交单方式收你方这批货款。
As a special sign of encouragement, we'll consider accepting payment by D/P at this sales-purchasing stage.
在此推销阶段，我们将考虑接受付款交单方式以资鼓励。
We regret we can't accept "Cash against Documents" on arrival of goods at destination.
很抱歉，我们不能同意“货抵目的地付款交单”方式付款。
The buyer suggested D/A as the terms of payment, but the seller was unwilling to make any exception.
买方建议用承兑交单作为付款方式，但卖方不愿例外。
We can't agree to draw at 30 days D/A.
我们不同意开具30天期的承兑交单汇票。
So it's better for us to adopt D/P or D/A.
因此，最好是采用付款交单方式或承兑交单方式。
I suppose D/P or D/A should be adopted as the mode of payment this time.
我建议这次用付款交单或承兑交单方式来付款。
It would help me greatly if you would accept D/A or D/P.
如果您能接受D/P或D/A付款，那可帮了我们大忙。
Could you make an exception and accept D/A or D/P?
您能否来个例外，接受D/A或D/P付款方式？

（五）
We insist on a letter of credit.
我们坚持用信用证方式付款。
As I've said, we require payment by L/C.
我已经说过了，我们要求以信用证付款。
We still intend to use letter of credit as the term of payment.
我们仍然想用信用证付款方式。
We always require L/C for our exports.
我们出口一向要求以信用证付款。
L/C at sight is normal for our exports to France.
我们向法国出口一般使用即期信用证付款。
We pay by L/C for our imports.
进口我们也采用信用证汇款。
Our terms of payment is confirmed and irrevocable letter of credit.
我们的付款条件是保兑的不可撤消的信用证。
You must be aware that an irrevocable L/C gives the exporter the additional protection of banker's guarantee.
你必须意识到不可撤消信用证为出口商提供了银行担保。
Is the wording of "confirmed" necessary for the letter of credit?
信用证上还用写明“保兑”字样吗？
For payment we require 100% value, irrevocable L/C in our favour with partial shipment allowed clause available by draft at sight.
我们要求用不可撤消的、允许分批装运、金额为全部货款、并以我方为抬头人的信用证，凭即期汇票支付。
What do you say to 50% by L/C and the balance by D/P?
百分之五十用信用证，其余的用付款交单，您看怎么样？
Please notify us of L/C number by telex immediately.
请立即电传通知我方信用证号码。
The beneficiary of the L/C is to be China National Corporation, Beijing.
信用证的受益人为中国工艺品进出口公司北京分公司。
Will you please increase the credit to $1000?
能不能把信用证金额增至1000美圆？
The credit is short opened to the amount of RMB100.
信用证的金额少开了人民币100元。
Your L/C No. 48 is short of $29.
你方第48号信用证少开了29美元。
Many banks in Europe are in a position to open L/C and effect payment in Renminbi.
欧洲的许多银行能够开立信用证，而且用人民币支付。
I open a letter of credit in Renminbi with a bank in U.S.A.
我在美国的一家银行开立了人民币信用证。
The Barclays Bank in London is in a position to open letters of credit in Renminbi against our sales confirmation or contract.
伦敦巴克莱银行可以凭我们的销售确认书或合同开立人民币信用证。
When do I have to open the letter of credit?
顺便问一句，您几时开立信用证呢？
When can you arrange for a credit under the new import license?
按照新的进口许可证规定，你方什么时候能开出一张信用证？
Please open letter of credit in good time.
请及时开出信用证。
We'll open the letter of credit at sight.
我们会按时开证的。
I agree to use letter of credit at sight.
我同意用即期信用证付款。
Is the credit at sight or after sight?
信用证是即期的还是远期的？
Our letter of credit will be opened early March.
我们在3月初开出信用证。
We'll open the credit one month before shipment.
我们在装船前1个月开立信用证。
Please open the L/C 20 to 30 days before the date of delivery.
请在交货前20到30天开出信用证。
This letter of credit expires on 15th July.
这张信用证7月15日到期。
The validity of the L/C will be extended to 30th August.
信用证的有效期将延至8月30日。
Will you persuade your customer to arrange for a one-month extension of L/C No.TD204?
你们能不能劝说客户将TD204号信用证延期一个月？
To do so, you could save bank charges for opening an L/C.
这样做，你们可以省去开证费用。
It's expensive to open an L/C because we need to put a deposit in the bank.
开证得交押金，因此花费较大。
We pay too much for such a letter of credit arrangement.
这种信用证付款方式让我们花费太大了。
There will be bank charges in connection with the credit.
开立信用证还要缴纳银行手续费。
A letter of credit would increase the cost of my import.
信用证会增加我们进口货物的成本。
The seller will request to amend the letter of credit.
卖方要修改信用证。
Please amend L/C No.205 as follows.
请按下述意见修改第205号信用证。
Your refusal to amend the L/C is equivalent to cancellation of the order.
你们拒绝修改信用证就等于取消订单。
　
装运 Shipment

（一）
The shipment has arrived in good condition.
运到之货情况良好
I hope you'll be entirely satisfied with this initial shipment.
我希望您能对第一批货感到满意。
Please exercise better care with future shipments.
对今后装运的货，请多加注意。
Can last shipment be duplicated?
上次装运的货能再卖一批吗？
We regret we can't ship as you desired.
很抱歉，我们不能按你们的要求装船。
We'll send vessels to pick up the cargo at Huangpu.
我们将派船只在黄埔装运。
There is an over-shipment of 200 lbs.
货物多装了200磅。
Can we short-ship 5 tons?
我们可以少装5吨吗？
Please hold shipment pending our instructions.
请在我们通知之前暂停装货。
The goods are all ready for shipment.
货物已经准备好待装运。
I've got a bone to pick with you over your last shipment to London.
关于上次装运到伦敦的那批货，我不得不抱怨你。
The cargo has been shipped on board s.s. "Dong Feng".
货已装上“东风”号轮船。
We ship most of our oil in bulk.
我们装运的油多数是散装的。
We can get preferential duty rates when we ship to the U.S.A.
我们能在货物装运到美国时获得优惠税率。
The facilities for shipping goods to southeast Asian countries have changed a lot.
出口到东南亚的货物的装运条件已大大改善了。

（二）
Can our order of 100 cars be shipped as soon as possible?
我们订的100辆小汽车能尽快装运吗？
An early reply from you will help us to speed up shipment.
如果你们尽快答复，我们便可以加速装船。
The order No. 105 is so urgently required that we have to ask you to speed up shipment.
第105号订单所订货物我们要急用，请你们加快装船速度。
Could you manage to hasten the delivery?
你们能否加快装运？
Could you possibly effect shipment more promptly?
你们能不能提前一点交货呢？
A timely delivery means a lot to us.
及时交货对我们来说关系可大了。
I'm sorry to say that we can't advance the time of delivery.
非常抱歉我们不能把交货期提前。
There's still another possibility to ensure a prompt delivery of the goods.
还有另一种可能可以确保即期交货。
If shipment were effected from Hong Kong, we could receive the goods much earlier.
如果在香港交货，我们可以更早些收到货物。
Could you do something to advance your shipment?
你们能不能设法提前交货？
They hold a discussion on the time of shipment for fireworks.
他们就礼花的装运期问题进行了谈判。
Since the time of shipment can not be fixed, I can not but worry about it.
交货期还没定下来，我怎么会不着急呢？
I'm sorry to tell you that we are unable to give you a definite date of shipment for the time being.
很抱歉，现在我们还无法告诉您确切的装船日期。
Can you effect shipment of the order in March?
您看这批货能在3月份装运吗？
Is it possible to effect shipment during October?
能不能在10月份交货？
I want the goods to be delivered in June.
我希望你们能在6月份交货。
After shipment, it will be altogether four to five weeks before the goods can reach our retailers.
从交货到零售商收到货物总共需要4至5个星期。
We can effect shipment in December or early next year at the latest.
我们最晚在今年12月份或明年初交货。
We assure you that shipment will be made no later than the first half of April.
请您放心，我们交货期不会迟于4月份上半月。
You expect us to make delivery in less than a month, right?
您是希望我们在不到1个月的时间内交货吗？
I'm terribly worried about late shipment.
我非常担心货物迟交。

（三）
It's better to designate Tanggu as the loading port.
在塘沽装货比较合适。
A manager of a Japanese Company and a staff member of a Chinese corporation hold a discussion on the loading port at Beijing Hotel.
中国公司一名业务员与日本公司的经理在北京饭店就装运港问题进行了洽谈。
We'd better have a brief talk about the loading port.
我们最好能就装运港问题简短地谈一谈。
You may choose Tianjin as port of shipment.
你可以选择天津作为交货港。
How about shipping them from Huangpu instead of Shantou?
把汕头改为黄埔交货怎么样？
You insist that Dalian is the loading port, right?
您坚持把大连定为装运港，对吗？
Now Huangpu is fine as the loading port.
现在可以把黄埔定为装运港。
We are always willing to choose the big ports as the loading ports.
我们总希望用较大的港口作为装运港。
We'd like to designate Shanghai as the loading port because it is near the producing area.
我们希望把上海定为装运港是由于它离货物产地比较近。
It makes no difference to us to change the loading port from Shantou to Zhuhai.
将装运港由汕头改为珠海对我们来说问题不大。
Shall we have a talk on the port of discharge this afternoon?
咱们今天下午是不是谈谈卸货港的问题？
He exchanged views on the choice of the unloading port with Mr. Smith.
他和史密斯先生就选择卸货港问题交换了意见。
What's your unloading port please?
你们的卸货港定在哪里？
It's not reasonable to have the goods unloaded at Hamburg.
把货卸在汉堡不太合适。
We don't think it's proper to unload the Chinese tea at London.
我们认为把伦敦作为中国茶叶的卸货港，很难让人接受。
As most of our clients are near Tianjin, we'd like to appoint Tanggu as the unloading port.
我们的大多数客户离天津较近，所以选择了塘沽作为卸货港。
There are more sailings at Shanghai, so we have chosen it as the unloading port.
因为上海的船次多，我们把这里定为卸货港。
We'd like to change the unloading port from Tokyo to Osaka.
我们愿意把卸货港由东京改为大阪。
　
（四）
Don't you think it's troublesome to transship the goods at Sydney?
您不认为在悉尼转船太麻烦了吗？
Do you wish to transship the goods to Macao at Hong Kong?
您是不是想把货物由香港转至澳门。
We have been able to transship S.E. Asian-bound cargoes from rail to ship at Hongkong without mishap.
我们在香港转船去东南亚的货物途中未曾遇到过麻烦事。
Sometimes, we have to make a transshipment because there is no suitable loading or pr in the producing country.
有时因为在生产国找不到合适的装港，我们不得不转船。
So far as I know, there are risks of pilferage or damage to the goods during transshipment in Hongkong.
据我所知，在香港转船期间有货物被盗或损坏的风险。
In case of transhipment, we have to pay extra transportation charges.
货物如果转运，我们得多付运费。
All transport transshipment charges will be included in the C.I.F. price.
所有的转运费用都包括在到岸价格里面了。
Partial shipment is allowed.
允许分批装运。
I heard that partial shipment wasn't permitted.
我听说不允许分批装运。
Transhipment is (not) allowed.
（不）准许转船。
We must have the goods here in September for reshipment.
货物必须9月份到达此地以便再转运。
　
运输 Transportation

（一）
We arrange shipments to any part of the world.
我们承揽去世界各地的货物运输。
From what I've heard you're ready well up in shipping work.
据我所知，您对运输工作很在行。
What is your specific transport requirement?
你们需要的运输条件是什么？
It will cause a lot of problems in our transportation.
这将给我们的运输带来很多问题。
The two sides finally reached an agreement on the mode of transportation.
双方就运输方式达成了协议。
Today let's discuss the mode of transportation of the steel we ordered.
今天我们就谈谈关于钢材的运输方式吧。
How do you usually move your machines?
你们出口机器习惯使用哪种运输方式？
The goods are now in transit.
此批货物正在运输途中。
A part of the goods were damaged in transit.
一部分货物在运输途中受损。
If the cargo space must be reserved, please send us the necessary application forms.
如果要预订货舱，请将订舱表寄给我们。
do you do any chartering?
你们租船吗？
　
（二）
Transport by sea is the most important mode of transportation in the world today.
海运是目前世界上最重要的一种运输方式。
Usually, it is cheaper to have the goods sent by sea than by railway.
通常，海运较陆运便宜。
For such a big order, we propose to have the goods dispatched by sea.
数量如此多的货物，我们建议走海运。
Please dispatch the TV sets we ordered by sea.
请海运我们订购的电视机。
Because of the high cost of railway transportations, we prefer sea tansportations.
因为铁路运输费用高，我们愿意走海运。
Sometimes sea transport is troublesome to us.
有时海运对我们来说麻烦。
Please have the goods transported by air.
请空运此批货。
To move the goods by railway is quicker.
铁路运输较快。
We don't think it is proper to transport the goods by railway.
我们认为此货不适合用铁路运输。
Can you have them sent by railway?
能采用陆运方式吗？
You may have some difficulties in arranging railway transportation, I guess.
我猜你们安排铁路运输有困难。
We have arranged to transport the rice you purchased by rail.
我们已安排用火车运输你们所需的大米。
We would prefer to have goods carried by road and not by railway.
我们宁愿用公路运输而不用铁路。
　
（三）
We think it necessary to move the articles by way of combined transportation.
我们认为联运货物十分必要。
Sometimes, the way of combined transportation has the complicated formalities.
有时联运的手续十分繁琐。
The two sides agreed to employ "combined transportation" to ship the goods.
双方决定联运货物。
Since there is no direct vessel, we have to arrange multimodal combined transport by rail and sea.
由于没有直达船只，我们只好安排海陆联运。
I don't like this kind of combined transportation.
我并不喜欢这种联运方式。
It's easy to cause a delay in shipment or even lose the goods completely when we arrange such combined transport.
这种联运方式货物容易丢失，也常误期。
It's simpler and cheaper for both of us to arrange multimodal combined transport.
安排联运对我们双方都既简单又经济。
Insurance covers both sea and overland transportation.
保险应包括水陆两路的运输。
If the goods are to be transshipped from one means of transportation to another during the course of the entire voyage, it's called "combined transport".
如果货物在运输途中交换交通工具，这便是“联运”。
　
（四）
Who will bear the extra freight charges?
多出的运费由谁负担？
Please quote your current tariffs.
请报你公司的最新运费表。
Freight for shipment from Shanghai to Hongkong is to be charged to your account.
从上海到香港的运费由贵方负担。
The bill of lading should be marked as "freight prepaid".
提单上应该注明“运费预付”字样。
　
（五）
This is one set of the shipping documents coverning the consignment.
这是一套这批货的装运单据。
We'll send you by air a full set of non-negotiable documents immediately after the goods are loaded.
货一发运，我们就寄给你方一套单据副本。
when the goods have been loaded, you can get the B/L signed by the master of the vessel.
货装上船后，你可以得到由船长签字的提单。
We'll send you two sets of the Shipped, Clean Bill of Lading.
我们将寄送两套已装运清洁提单。
　
价格 Price

（一）
Business is closed at this price.
交易就按此价敲定。
Your price acceptable (unacceptable).
你方价格可以（不可以）接受。
Your price is feasible (infeasible).
你方价格是可行（不可行）的。
Your price is workable.
你们出价可行。
Your price is realistic (unrealistic).
你方价格合乎实际（不现实）。
Your price is reasonable (unreasonable).
你方价格合理（不合理）。
Your price is practicable (impracticable).
你方价格是行得通的（行不通）。
Your price is attractive (not attractive).
你方价格有吸引力（无吸引力）。
Your price is inducing (not inducing).
你方价格有吸引力（无吸引力）。
Your price is convincing (not convincing).
你方价格有吸引力（无吸引力）。
Your price is competitive (not competitive).
你方价格有竞争力（无竞争力）。
The goods are (not) competitively priced.
此货的定价有（无）竞争力。
　
（二）
Price is turning high(low).
价格上涨（下跌）。
Price is high(low).
价格高（低）。
Price is rising (falling).
价格上升（下降）。
Price is up (down).
价格上涨（下跌）。
Price is looking up.
价格看涨。
Price has skyrocketed.
价格猛涨，
Price has shot up.
价格飞涨。
Price has risen perpendicularly.
价格直线上升。
Price has risen in a spiral.
价格螺旋上升。
Price has hiked.
价格急剧抬高。
Your price is on the high side.
你方价格偏高。
Price has advanced.
价格已上涨。
The goods are priced too high.
货物定价太高。
Your price is rather stiff.
你方价格相当高。
Price is leveling off.
价格趋平。
Your price is prohibitive.
你方价格高得令人望而却步。
The Japanese yen is strengthening.
日元坚挺。
The U.S. Dollar is weakening.
美元疲软。
Your price is much higher than the price from U.K. France and Germany.
你方价格比英、法、德的都高。
Since the prices of the raw materials have been raised, I'm afraid that we have to adjust the prices of our products accordingly.
由于原材料价格上涨，我们不得不对产品的价格做相应的调整。
Your price is $500/mt, twice of the other countries.
你们每公吨500美元的价格是其他国家的两倍。
Is it possible for you to raise (lift) the price by 5%?
你们能否把价格提高5%？
　
（三）
Price is hovering between $5 and $8.
价格徘徊于5至8美元之间。
We regret we have to maintain our original price.
很遗憾我们不得不保持原价。
Price is easy.
价格疲软。
Price is easy off.
价格趋于疲软。
Price has declined.
价格已跌落。
Price has dipped (sagged).
价格已下降。
It simply can't stand such a big cut.
再也经不住大幅度削价了。
Price has tobogganed.
价格突然下降。
Price has plummeted.
价格暴跌。
Price has downslided.
价格剧降。
This new product is moderately priced.
新产品的定价适度。
Articles of everyday use are economically priced.
日用品价格低廉。
Everyone knows, the price of crude oil has greatly decreased.
人人皆知，目前原油价格大幅度下跌。
We've already cut the price very fine.
我们已将价格减至最低限度了。
The French price of stainless steel plates are about $1200 per mt, while the German price is still lower.
法国的不锈钢板价格为每公吨1200美元，德国的还要低。
We're ready to reduce the price by 5%.
我们准备减价百分之五。
To have this business concluded, you need to lower your price at least by 3%.
为达成这笔交易，你方应至少减价3%。
Business is possible if you can lower the price to HK$2150.
你方若能减价到2150港币，可能成交。
The utmost (best) we can do is to reduce the price by 2%.
我们最多能减价百分之二。
We cannot take anything off the price.
我们不能再减价了。
We've already cut down our prices to cost level.
我们已经将价格降到成本费的水平了。
There is no room for any reduction in price.
价格毫无再减的余地了。
Our rock-bottom price is $500/mt, and cannot be further lowered.
我们的最低价是500美元一公吨，不能再低了。
　
（四）
DM210 is equivalent to 400 RMB.
210德国马克折合人民币400元。
Don't you wish to employ RMB of ours? US Dollars might be adopted.
如果你们不同意用我们的人民币结算，美元也可以。
Are you afraid of losing money due to exchange rate fluctuations?
您是不是怕由于汇率浮动而吃亏？
　
（五）
I can give you a definite answer on the price terms.
我可以就价格条件答复你方。
You wish to have a discussion of the price terms of washers.
您是想谈谈洗衣机的价格条件吧。
Yes, all of the price terms are acceptable.
是的，哪种价格条件都可以接受的。
C.I.F. is the price term normally adopted by you, right?
C.I.F.是你们经常采用的价格条件，是吗？
Sometimes F.O.B. and C&F are also employed.
我们有时也用离岸价或成本加运费价。
You said yesterday that the price was $60/mt, C.I.F. Brussels.
您昨天说价格定为每公吨60英镑C.I.F. 布鲁塞尔。
In case F.O.B. is used, risks and charges are to be passed over to the buyers once the cargo is put on board the ship.
如果采用离岸价，货一上船，货物的风险和费用就都转给买方了。
Your price is quoted C&F Xingang at DM200 per washer, right?
你方报价是每台洗衣机200德国马克，C&F新港价，对吗？
　
包装 Packing

（一）
The next thing I'd like to bring up for discussion is packing.
下面我想提出包装问题讨论一下。
We'd like to hear what you say concerning the matter of packing.
我很想听听你们就包装问题发表意见。
You'd like to know something about the packing of the drugs. is that right?
您想了解药品的包装情况，对吗？
Please make an offer indicating the packing.
请报价并说明包装情况。
Your opinions on packing will be passed on to our manufacturers.
你们对包装的意见将转达给厂商。
It is necessary to improve the packaging.
改进包装方法十分必要。
We've informed the manufacturer to have them packed as per your instruction.
我们已经通知厂商按你们的要求包装。
Packing has a close bearing on sales.
包装直接关系到产品的销售。
Packing also effects the reputation of our products.
包装也影响产品的声誉。
A packing that catches the eye will help us push the sales.
醒目的包装有助于我们推销产品。
Buyers always pay great attention to packing.
买方很注意包装的情况。
I'm sure the new packing will give your clients satisfaction.
我相信新包装定会使您的客户满意。