2000年1月大学英语四级考试试题
Part I Listening Comprehension (20 mi nutes)
Section A
Directions:In this section，you will hear 10 short conve rsation s.At the end of each conversation，a question will be asked about what was said .Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once.After each question there will be a pause.During the pause，you must read the four choices marked A)，B)，C) and D)，and decide which is the best answer.Then mark the corresponding le tter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Example: You will hear:
You will read: A) At the office. B) In the waiting room.
C) At the airport. D) In a restaurant.
From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening.This is most likely to have taken place at the office .Therefore，A) "At the office" is the best answer.You should choose［A］on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.
Sample Answer ［ A ］ ［B］ ［C］ ［D］

1. A) The woman is close friend of the man. B) The woman has been w orking too hard.
C) The woman is seeing a doctor. D) The woman is tired of her work.
2. A) This apple pie tastes very good. B) His mother likes the pie very much.
C) This pie can't match his mother's. D) His mother can't make apple pies.
3. A) Take a walk. B) Give a performance.
C) Listen to the music. D) Dance to the music.
4. A) Read an article on political science.
B) Present a different theory to the class.
C) Read more than one article.
D) Choose a better article to read.
5. A) The woman would understand if she did Mary's job.
B) The woman should do the typing for Mary.
C) The woman should work as hard as Mary.
D) The woman isn't a skillful typist.
6. A) He wants to make an appointment with Mr.Smith.
B) He wants to make sure that Mr.Smith will see him.
C) He wants to change the time of the appointment.
D) He wants the woman to meet him at three o'clock.
7. A) He gets nervous vesily.. B) He is an inexperienced speaker.
C) He is an awful speaker. D) He hasn't prepared his speech well.
8 A) She didn't like the books the man bought.
B) There wasn't a large selection at the bookstore.
C) The man bought a lot of books.
D) She wanted to see what the man bought.
9. A) Buy a ticket for the ten o'clock flight.
B) Ask the man to change the ticket for her.
C) Go to the airport immediately.
D) Switch to a different flight.
10. A) Dr.Lemon is waiting or a patient.
B) Dr.Lemon is busy at the moment.
C) Dr.Lemon has lost his patience.
D) Dr.Lemon has gone out to visit a patient.
Section B
Directions: In this section，you will hear 3 short passages .At the end of each passage，you will hear some questions.Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once.After you hear a question，you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked A)，B)，C) and D) .Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Passage One
Questions 11 to 14 are based on the passage you have just heard.
11. A) A car outside the supermarket. B) A car at the bottom of the hill.
C) Paul's car. D) The sports car.
12. A) inside the car. B) At the foot of the hill.
C) In the garatge. D) In the supermarket.
13. A) The driver of the sports car. B) The two girls inside the car.
C) The bus driver. D) Paul.
14. A) Nobody. B) The two girls.
C) The man standing nearby. D) The salesman from London.
Passage Two
Questions 15 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

15. A) His friend gave him the wrong key.
B) He didn't know where the back door was.
C) He couldn't find the key to his mailbox.
D) It was too dark to put the key in the lock.
16. A) It was getting dark.
B) He was afraid of being blamed by his friend.
C) The birds might have flown away.
D) His friend would arrive any time.
17. A) He looked silly with only one leg inside the window.
B) He knew the policeman would't believe him.
C) The torch light made him look very foolish.
D) He realised that he had made a mistake.Passage Three
Questions 18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.
18. A) The threat of poisonous desert animals and plants.
B) The exhaustion of energy resources.
C) The destruction of oil wells.
D) The spread of the black powder from the fires.
19. A) The underground oil resources have not been affected.
B) Most of the desert animals and plants have managed to survive.
C) The oil lakes soon dried up and stopped evaporating.
D) The underground water resources have not been polluted..
20. A) To restore the normal production of the oil wells.
B) To estimate the losses caused by the fires.
C) To remove the oil left in the desert.
D) To use the oil left in the oil lakes.

Part ⅡReading Comprehension(35 minu tes)
Directions: There are 4 passages in this part.Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements.For each of them there are four choi ces marked A)，B)，C) and D) .You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage:
Unless we spend money to spot and prevent asteroids(小行星)now，one might crash into Earth and destroy life as we know it，say some scientists.
Asteroids are bigger versions of the meteoroids(流星)that race acros s the night sky.Most orbit the sun far from Earth and don't threaten us.But th ere are also thousads whose orbits put them on a collision course with Earth.
Buy $ 50 million worth of new telescopes right now.Then spend $ 10 million a year for the next 25 years to locate most of the space rocks.By the time we spot a fatal one，the scientists say，we'll have a way to change its course.
Some scientists favor pushing asteroids off course with nuclear weapons.But the cost wouldn't be cheap.
Is it worth it? Two things experts consider when judging any risk are: 1) How likely the event is; and 2) How bad the consequences if the event occurs.Experts think an asteroid big enough to destroy lots of life might strike Earth once eve ry 500，000 years.Sounds pretty rare-but if one did fall，it would be the end of the world."If we don't take care of these big asteroids，they'll take care of us，"says one scientist."It's that simple."
The cure，though，might be worse than the disease.Do we really want fleets of nuclear weapons sitting around on Earth?"The world has less to fear from
doomsday(毁灭性的) rocks than from a great nuclear fleet set against them，" said a New York Times article.

21. What does the passage say about asteroids and meteoroids?
A) They are heavenly bodies different in composition.
B) They are heavenly bodies similar in nature.
C) There are more asteroids than meteoroids.
D) Asteroids are more mysterious than meteoroids.
22. What do scientists say about the collision of an asteroid with Earth?
A) It is very unlikely but the danger exists.
B) Such a collision might occur once every 25 years.
C) Collisions of smaller asteroids with Earth occur more often than expected.
D) It's still too early to say whether such a collision might occur..
23. What do people think of the suggestion of using nuclear weapons to alter the
course of asteroids?
A) It sounds practical but it may not solve the problem.
B) It may create more problems than it might solve.
C) It is a waste of money because a collision of asteroids with Earth is very
unlikely.
D) Further research should be done before it is proved applicable.
24. We can conclude from the passage that .
A) while pushing asteroids off course nuclear weapons would destroy the world
B) asteroids racing across the night sky are likely to hit Earth in the near future
C) the worry about asteroids can be left to future generations since it is unlikely
to happen in our lifetime
D) workable solutions still have to be found to prevent a collision of asteroids
with Earth.
25. Which of the following best describes the author's tone in this pass age?
A) Optimistic. B) Critical. C) Objective. D) Arbitrary.

Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage:
Believe it or not，optical illusion (错觉) can cut highway crashes.Japan is a case in point.It has reduced automobile crashes on some roads by nea rly 75 percent using a simple optical illusion.Bent stripes，called chevrons (人字形)painted on the roads make drivers think that they are d riving faster than they really are，and thus drivers slow down.Now the American Association Foundation for Traffic Safety in Washington D.C.is planning to rep eat Japan's success.Starting next year,the foundation will paint chevrons and other patterns of stripes on selected roads around the country to test how well the patterns reduce highway crashes.Excessive speed plays a major role role in as much as one fifth of all fatal traffic accidents,according to the foundation .To help reduce those accidents，the foundation will conduct its tests in areas where speed - related hazards are the greatest - curves，exit slopes，traffic c ircles，and bridges.Some studies suggest that straight，horizontal bars painted across roads can initially cut the average speed of drivers in half.However，t raffic often returns to full speed within months as drivers become used to seeing the painted bar.Chevrons，scientists say，not only give drivers the impress ion that they are driving faster than they really are but also make a lane sppea r to be narrower.The result is a longer lasting reduction in highway speed and the number of traffic accidents.

26. The passage mainly discusses .
A) a new way of highway speed control
B) a new pattern for painting highways
C) a new approach to training drivers
D) a new type of optical illusion
27. On roads painted with chevrons drivers tend to feel that.
A) they should avoid speed - related hazards
B) they are driving in the wrong lane
C) they should slow down their speed
D) they are approaching the speed limit
28. The advantage of chevrons over straight，horizontal bars is that the former .
A) can keep drivers awake
B) can cut road accidents in half
C) will have a longer effect on drivers
D) will look more attractive
29. The American Association Foundation for Traffic Safety plans to .
A) try out the Japanese method in certain areas
B) change the road signs across the country
C) replace straight，horizontal bars with chevrons
D) repeat the Japanese road patterns
30. What does the author say about straight，horizontal bars painted acr oss roads?
A) They are falling out of use in the United States.
B) They tend to be ignored by drivers in a short period of time.
C) They are applicable only on broad roads.
D) They cannot be applied successfully to traffic circles..
Questions 31 to 35 are based on the following passage:
Amtrak(美国铁路客运公司)was experiencing a downswing in riders hip (客运量)along the lines comprising its rail system.Of major concern t o Amtrak and its advertising agency DDB Needham，were the long - distance wester n routes where ridership had been declining significantly.At one time，trains w ere the only practical way to cross the vast areas of the west.Trains were fast，ver，'luxurious，and quite convenient compared to other forms of transportation existing at the time.However，times change and the automolile became America's standard of convenience.Also，air travel had easily established itself as the fastest method of traveling great distances .Therefore，the task for DDB Needham was to encourage consumers to consider other aspects of train travel in order t o change their attitudes and increase the likelihood that trains would be consid ered for travel in the west.Two portions of the total market were targeted: 1) anxious fliers - those concermed with safety，relaxation，and cleanliness and 2) travel - lovers - those viewing themselves as relaxed，casual，and interested in the travel ecperience as part of their vacation.The agency then developed a campaign that focused on travel experiences such as freedom，escape，relaxation，and enjoyment of the great western outdoors.It stressed experiences gained by u sing the trains and portrayed western train trips as wonderful adventures.Adver tisements showed pictures of the beautiful scenery that could be enjoyed along s ome of the more famous western routes and emphasized the romantic names of some of these trains(Empire Builder，etc.).These ads were strategically placed among family - oriented TV shows and programs involving nature and America in order t o most effectively reach target audiences.Resultswere impressive.The Empire Bu ilder.Which was focused on in one ad.enjoyed a 15 percent increase in profits on its Chicago to Seattle route.

31. What's the author's purpose in writing this passage?
A) To show the inability of trains to compete with planes with respect to speed
and convenience.
B) To stress the influence of the automobile on America's standard of convenience.
C) To emphasize the function of travel agencies in market promotion.
D) To illustrate the important role of persuasive communiation in changing consum-
er attitudes.
32. It can be inferred from the passage that the drop in Amtrak ridership was due to
the fact that ______ .
A) trains were not suitable for short distance passenger transportation
B) trains were not the fastest and most convenient form of transportation
C) trains were not as fast and convenient as they used to be
D) trains could not compete with planes in terms of luxury and convenience

33. To encourage consumers to travel by train，DDB Needham emphasized ______ .
A) the freedom and convenience provided on trains
B) the practical aspests of travel
C) the adventurous aspects of train trips
D) the safety and cleanliness of train trips
34. The train ads were placed among family - oriented TV programs involv ing nature
and America because ______ .
A) they could focus on meaningful travel experiences
B) they could increase the effectiveness of the TV programs
C) their profits could be increased by some 15 percent
D) most travel - lovers and nervous fliers were believed to be among the audiences
35. According to the passage，the Empire Builder enjoyed an increase in ridership and
profits because ______ .
A) the attractiveness of its name and route was effectively advertised
B) it provided an exciting travel experience
C) its passengers could enjoy the great western outdoors
D) it was widely advertised in newspapers and magazines in Chicago and Seattle
Questions 36 to 40 are based on the following passage:
Why does cream go bad faster than butter? Some researchers think they the answer，and it comes down to the structure of the food，not its chemical composition - a finding that could help rid some processed foods of chemical preservatives.C ream and butter contain pretty much the same substances，so why cream should sou r muchfaster has been a mystery.Both are emulsions - tiny globules(小球)of one liquid evenly distributed throughout another.The difference lies in what's in the globules and what's in the surrounding liquid，says Brocklehurst，who led the investigation.In cream，fatty globules and what's in the surround ing liquid，says Brocklehurst，who led the investigation.In cream，fatty globul es drift about in a sea of water.In butter，globules of a watery solution are l ocked away in a sea of fat.The bacteria which make the food go bad prefer to li ve in the watery regions of the mixture."This means that in cream，the bacteria are free to grow throughout the mixture，"he says.When the situation is revers ed，the bacteria are locked away in compartments (密封仓) buried dee p in the sea of fat.Trapped in this way，individual colonies cannot spread and rapidly run out of nutrients.They also slowly poison themselves with their wast e products."In butter，you get a self - limiting system which stops the bacteri a growing，"says Brocklehurst.The researchers are already working with food com panies keen to see if their products can be made resistant to bacterial attack t hrough alterations to the food's structure.Brocklehurst believes it will be pos sible to make the emulsions used in salad cream，for instance，more like that in butter.The key will be to do this while keeping the salad cream liquid and not turning it into a solid lump.
36. The significance of Brocklehurst's research is that ______ .
A) it suggested a way to keep some foods fresh without preservatives
B) it discovered tiny globules in both cream and butter
C) it revealed the secret of how bacteria multiply in cream and butter
D) it found that cream and butter share the same chemical composition
37. According to the researchers.cream sours faster than butter because bacteria_____ .
A) are more evenly distributed in cream
B) multiply more easily in cream than is butter
C) live on less fat in cream than in butter
D) produce less waste in cream t han in butter
38. According to Brocklehurst，we can keep cream fresh by ______ .
A) removing its fat B) killing the bacteria
C) reducing its water content D) altering its structure
39. The word"colonies"(Line 2，Para.4) refers to ______ .
A) tiny globules B) watery regions
C) bacteria communities D) little compartments
40. Commercial application of the research finding will be possible if s alad cream
can be made resistant to bacterial attack ______ .
A) by varying its chemical composition B) by turning it into a solid lump
C) while keeping its structure unchanged D) while retaining its liquid form

Part ⅢVocabulary and Structure(20 m inutes)

Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part.For each sentence there are four choices marked A)，B)，C) and D) .Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence.Then mark the corresponding letter on the Anwer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
41. She ought to stop work；she has a headache because she ______ too long.
A) has been reading B) had read C) is reading D) read
42. Niagara Falls is a great tourist ______ drawing millions of visitors every year.
A) attention B) attraction C) appointment D) arrangement
43. I don't mind ______ the decision as long as it is not too late.
A) you to delay making B) your delaying making
C) your delaying to make D) you delay to make
44. The hopes goals，fears and desires widely between men and women，between the rich
and the poor.
A) alter B) shift C) transfer D) vary
45. Corn originated in the New World and thus was not known in Europe until Columbus
found it ______ in Cuba.
A) being cultivated B) been cultivated C) having cultivated D) cultivating
46. The sale usually takes place outside the house,with the audience _____ on benches，
chairs or boxes.
A) having seated B) seating C) seated D) having been seated
47. This kind of glasses manufactured by experienced craftsmen ______ comfortably.
A) is worn B) wears C) wearing D) are worn
48Some diseases are _____ by certain water animals.
A) transplanted B) transformed C) transported D) transmitted
49. Wouldn't you rather your child _______ to bed early?
A) go B) went C) would go D) goes
50. Although Anne is happy with her success she wonders _____ will hap pen to her
private life.
A) that B) what C) it D) this
51. The words of his old teacher left a _____ impression on his mind.He is still
influenced by them.
A) long B) lively C) lasting D) liberal
52. Mike's uncle insists ______ in this hotel.
A) staying not B) not to stay C) that he would not stay D) that he not stay
53. We agreed to accept ______ they thought was the best tourist guide.
A) whatever B) whomever C) whichever D) whoever
54. It is our ______ policy that we will achieve unity through peaceful means.
A) consistent B) continuous C) considerate D) continual
55. Between 1974 and 1997，the number of overseas visitors expanded ______ 27%.
A) by B) for C) to D) in
56. Although many people view conflict as bad，conflict is sometimes useful it forces
people to test the relative merits of their attitudes are behaviors.
A) by which B) to which C) in that D) so that
57. He is ______ about his chances of winning a gold medal in the Olymp ics next year.
A) optimistic B) optional C) outstanding D) obvious
58. Sometimes I wish I ______ in a different time and a different place .
A) be living B) were living C) would live D) would have lived
59. The director was critical ______ the way we were doing the work.
A) at B) in C)of D) with
60. In a sudden ______ of anger，the man tore up everything within reac h.
A) attack B) burst C) split D) blast
61. ______ she realized it was too late to go home.
A) No sooner it grew dark than B) Hardly did it grow dark that
C) Scarcely had it grown dark than D) It was not until dark that
62. In Britain people ______ four million tons of potatoes every year.
A) swallow B) dispose C) consume D) exhaust
63. I'd ______ his reputation with other farmers and business people in the community，
and then make a decision about whether or not to approve a loan.
A) take into account B) account for C) make up for D) make out
64.It is essential that these application forms ______ back as early as possible.
A) must be sent B) will be sent C) are sent D) be sent
65. She cooked the meat for a long time so as to make it ______ enough to eat.
A) mild B) slight C) light D) tender
66. We take our skin for granted until it is burned ______ repair.
A) beyond B) for C) without D) under
67. The computer revolution may ewll change society as ______ as did the Industrial
Revolution.
A) certainly B) insignificantly C) fundamentally D) comparatively
68. ______ in this way，the situation doesn't seem so disappointing.
A) To look at B) Looking at C) Looked at D) To be looked at
69. A lot of ants are always invading my kitchen.They are a thorough ______ .
A) nuisance B) trouble C) worry D) anxiety
70. Some women ______ a good salary in a job instead of staying home，but they decided
not to work for the sake of the family.
A) must make B) should have made C) would make D) could have made

试卷二

Part IV Cloze (15 min utes)
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage.For each blank there are four choices marked A)，B)，C)and D) on the right side of the paper.You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage.Then mark the corresp onding letter on，the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
In a telephone survey of more than 2，000 adults，21% said they believed the sun revolved (旋转)around the earth.An 71 7% did not know which revolved around 72 I have no doubt that 73 all o f these people were 74 in school that the earth revolves arou n d the sun 75 may even have written it 76 at est.But they never 77 their incorrect mental models of planetary (行星的) 78 because their every day observations didn't support 79 their teachers told them: People see the sun "moving 80 the sky as morning turns to night，and the earth seems stationary (静止的) 81 that is happening.Students can learn the right answers 82 heart in class，and yet never combined them 83 their working models of the world.The objectively correct answer the professor accepts and the 84 personal understanding of the world Can 85 side by side，each unaffected by the other.
Outside of class，the student continues to use the 86 mod el be cause it has always worked well 87 that circumstance.Unless professors address 88 errors in students' personal models of the world，students are not 89 to replace them with the 90 one.
71. A) excessive B) extra C) additional D) added
72. A) what B) which C) that D) other
73. A) virtually B) remarkably C) ideally D) preferably
74. A) learned B) suggested C) taught D) advised
75. A) those B) these C) who D) they
76. A) on B) with C) under D) for
77. A) formed B) altered C) believed D) thought
78. A) operation B) position C) motion D) location
79. A) how B) which C) that D) what
80. A) around B) across C) on D) above
81. A) since B) so C) while D) for
82. A) to B) by C) in D) with
83. A) with B) into C) to D) along
84. A) adult's B) teacher's C) scientist's D) student's
85. A) exist B) occur C) survive D) maintain
86. A) private B) individual C) personal D) own
87. A) in B) with C) on D) for
88. A) general B) natural C) similar D) specific
89. A) obliged B) likely C) probable D) partial
90. A) perfect B) better C) reasonable D) correct

Part V Writing (30 minutes)

Directions: For this part，you are allowed thiety minutes to write a com position on the topic How I Finance my College Education.You should write at least 100 words，and base your composition on the outlide (given in Chinese) below:
1. 上大学的费用(tuition and fees)可以通过多种途径解决。
2. 那种途径适合我(说明理由)

How I Finance My College Education


2000年1月大学英语四级考试试题听力原文及参考答案
2000年1月大学英语四级考试听力原文
Section A
1. M: Hello, Mrs. White, what can I do for you?
W: I don't know what's the matter with me? I'm always feeling tired, I'm usually
worn out at the end of the day.
Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
2. W: What do you think of the apple pie? I made it myself.
M: Very delicious indeed. Even my mother's cannot match this.
Q: What does the man mean?
3. M: The music is so beautiful that I'd like to dance. But I don't know the ste ps.
W: It doesn't matter. No one will be looking at us in his crowd.
Q: What does the woman suggest they do?
4. M: I'd better read one of the articles for our political science class.
W: You can't read just one. They say each presents a different theory.
Q: What does the woman tell the man he must do?
5. W: Mary is always complaining about her job.
M: Maybe if you tries typing letters every day, you'd see what it's like.
Q: What ies the man mean?
6. M: Good morning. this is John Parker speaking. I'm just ringing to confirm my
appointment with Mr. Smith for this afternoon.
W: Yes. Mr. Smith's expecting you at 3 o'clock.
Q: Why is the man maiking the phone call?
7. W: Tom looks awfully nervous, doesn't he?
M: Yes. I'm afraid he is not used to maing speeches.
Q: What do they think of Tom?
8. M: I bought a few books at the new bookstore. Would you like to have a look at them?
W: A few? It looks like you bought out the bookstore
Q: What does the woman mean?
9. M: Jane, you won't be able to get to the airport in time to catch the 10 o'clock
flight.
W: I realize that now. I'll have to get my ticket changes.
Q: What will the woman have to do?
10. M: Would you get me through to Dr. Lemon please?
W: I'm sorry. He's with a patient.
Q: What does the woman mean?
Sections B
Passage one
Paul, a salesman from London, was driving past a sports car parked outside a supemarket, when he saw it start to rool slowly down the hill. Inside the car were two young girls on the passenger seat - but no driver Paul stpped quickly, jumped in front of the sports car and tried to stop it, pushing against the fron t of the car. Another man who was standing nearby got into the car and put on th e handbrake, saving the girls from injury.
It was at this point that Paul noticed his own car rolling slowly down the hill and going too fast for him to stop it. It crashed into a bus at the bottom of the hill and was so badly damaged that it had to be pulled away to a garage.
As if this was not bad enough, Paul now found he had no one to blame. He was so busy chasing his car that he didn't get the name of the driver of the sports car, who just came out of the supermarket and drove away without realizing what had happened.
11. Which car was badly damaged?
12. Where was the driver of the sports car when the accident happened?
13. Who did Paul think was to blame for the accident?
14. Who was injured in the accident?
Passage Two
My friend, Vemon Davies kept birds. One day he phoned and told me he was going away for a week. He asked me to feed the birds for him and said that he would leave the key to his front door in my mailbox.
Unfortunately, I forgot all about the birds until the night before Vemon was going to return. What was worse, it was already dark when I arrived at his hous e. I soon found the key Vernon gave me could not unlock either the front door or the back door. I was getting desperate. I kept thinking of what Vemon would say when he came back.
I was just going to give up when I noticed that one bedroom window was slightly open. I found a barrel and pushed it under the window. As the barrel was ver y heavy, I made a lot of noise. But in the end, I managed to climbe up and open the window.
I actually had one leg inside the bedroom when I suddenly realized that someone was shining a torch up at me. I looked down and saw a policemna and an old lady, one of Verno's neighbours. "What are you doing up there?" said the policeman. Feeling lise a complete fool, I replied, "I was just going to feed Mr. Davies's birds."
15. Why couldn't the man open the door?
16. Why did the man feel desperate?
17. Why did the man feel like a fool?
Passage Three
When Iragi troops blew up hundreds of Kuwaiti oil well at the end of Gulf War, scientists feared environmental disaster. Would black powder in the smoke from the fires circles the globe and block out the sun?
Many said "No way?; rain would wash the black pwder from the atmosphere. But in America, airsampling balloons have detected high concentrations of particles similar to those collected in Kuwait. didn't catch fire. It has formed huge lakes in the Kuwaiti dersert. They trap insects and birds, and poison a veriety of other desert animals and plants.
The only good news is that the oil lakes have not affected the underground water resources. So far, the oil has not been absorbed because of the hard sand just below the surface.
Nothing, however, stops the oil from evaporating. The resulting poisonous gases are choking nearby residents.
Officials are trying to organize a quick cleanup, but they are not sure how to do it. One possibillity is to burn the oil. Get those black-powder detectors ready.
18. What were the scientists worried about soon after the Gulf War?
19. What was the good news for scientists?
20. What are the officials trying to do at the moment?

2001年1月大学英语四级考试参考答案

Part I Listening Comprehension

1-10: CADCABBCDB
11-20: CDAAABBDDC

Part II Reading Comprehension

21. B 22. A 23. B 24. D 25. C
26. A 27. C 28. C 29. A 30. B
31. D 32. B 33. C 34. D 35. A
36. A 37. B 38. D 39. C 40. D

Part III Vocabulary and Structure

41. A 42. B 43. B 44. D 45. A
46. C 47. B 48. D 49. B 50. B
51. C 52. D 53. D 54. D 55. A
56. C 57. A 58. B 59. C 60. B
61. D 62. C 63. A 64. D 65. D
66. A 67. C 68. C 69. A 70. D

Part IV Cloze

71. C 72. B 73. A 74. C 75. D
76. A 77. B 78. C 79. D 80. B
81. C 82. B 83. A 84. D 85. A
86. C 87. A 88. D 89. B 90. D

Part V Writing（略）