2001年6月大学英语四级考试

Part Ⅰ Listening Comprehension (20 minutes)
Section A
Directions:In this section,you will hear 10 short conversations.At the end of each conversation,a question will be asked about what was said.Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once.After each question there will be a pause .During the pause,you must read the four choices marked A),B),C)and D),and decide which is the best answer.Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Example: You will hear:
You will read:
A)At the office
B)In the waiting room
C)At the airport
D)In a restaurant
From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening.This is most likely to have taken place at the office.Therefore,A)"At the office"is the best answer.You should choose [A] on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.

Sample Answer [A][B][C][D]

1.A)A math teacher and his colleague. C)A student and his classmate
B)A teacher and his student. D)A librarian and a student
2.A)Tony could not continue the experiment
B)Tony finished the experiment last night.
C)Tony thought the experiment was well done.
D)Tony had expected the experiment to be easier.
3.A)She can't put up with the noise.
B)She wants to save money to buy a piano.
C)The present apartment is too expensive.
D)She has found a job a neighbouring area.
4.A)He is not very enthusiastic about his English lessons.
B)He has made great progress in his English.
C)He is a student of the music department.
D)He is not very interested in English songs.
5.A)At home. C)In a car
B)In a restaurant. D)On the street.
6.A)His injury kept him at home. C)He was too weak to see the doctor.
B)He didn't think it necessary.D)He failed to make an appointment.
7.A)5:15 C)4:30
B)5:10 D)5:00
8.A)The man needs help. C)The man likes his job.
B)The man is complaining. D)The man is talking with his boss.
9.A)Wear a new dress. C)Attend a party
B)Make a silk dress. D)Go shopping.
10.A)He played his part quite well. C)He proformed better than the secretary
B)He was not dramatic enough. D)He exaggerated his part.

Section B Compound Dictation
注意:听力理解的B节(Section B)为复合式听写(Compound Dictation),题目在试卷二上,现在请取出试卷二.

Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension (35 minutes)
Directions: There are 4 passages in this part Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements.For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D).You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

Passage One
Questions 11 to 15 are based on the following passage.

People living on part of the south coast of England face a serious problem.In 1993,the owners of a large hotel and of several houses discovered,to their horror, that their gardens had disappeared overnight.The sea had eaten into the soft limestone cliffs on which they had been built.While experts were studying the problem.the hotel and several houses disappeared altogether,sliding down the cliff and into the sea.

Erosion(侵蚀)of the white cliffs along the south coast of England has always been a problem but it has become more serious in recent years.Dozens of homes have had to be abandoned as the sea has crept farther and farther inland.Experts have studied the areas most affected and have drawn up a map for local people,forecasting the year in which their homes will be swallowed up by the hungry sea.

Angry owners have called on the Government to erect sea defenses to protect their homes.Government surveyors have pointed out that in most cases ,this is impossible .New sea walls would cost hundreds of millions of pounds and would merely make the waves and currents go further along the coast ,shifting the problem from one area to another.The danger is likely to continue ,they say ,until the waves reach an inland area of hard rock which will not be eaten as limestone is .Meanwhile,if you want to buy a cheap house with an uncertain future,apply to a house agent in one of the threatened areas on the south coast of England.You can get a house for a knockdown price but it may turn out to be a knockdown home.

11.What is the cause of the problem that people living on parts of the south coast of England face?
A)The rising of the sea level.
B)The experts'lack of knowledge.
C)The washing-away of limestone cliffs.
D)The disappearance of hotels,houses and gardens.

12.The erosion of the white cliffs in the south of England________.
A)will soon become a problem for people living in central England
B)has now become a threat to the local residents
C)can be stopped if proper measures are taken
D)is quickly changing the map of England

13. The experts study on the problem of erosion can
A)warn people whose homes are in danger
B)provide an effective way to slow it down
C)help to its eventual solution
D)lead to its eventual solution

14. It is not feasible to build sea defenses to protect against erosion because .
A)house agents along the coast do not support the idea
B)it is too costly and will endanger neighboring areas
C)the government it too slow in taking action
D)they will be easily knocked down by waves and currents

15. According to the author, when buying a house along the south coast of England, people should .
A)take the quality of the house into consideration
B)guard against being cheated by the house agent
C)examine the house carefully before making a decision
D)be aware of the potential danger involved

Passage Two
Questions 16 to 20 are based on the following passage.

Sport is not only physically challenging, but it can also be mentally challenging. Criticism from coaches, parents, and other teammates, as well as pressure to win can create an excessive amount of anxiety or stress for young athletes(运动员). Stress can be physical, emotional, or psychological and research has indicated that it can lead to burnout. Burnout has been described as dropping or quitting of an activity that was at one time enjoyable.

The early years of development are critical years for learning about oneself. The sport setting is one where valuable experiences can take place. Young athletes can, for example, learn how to cooperate with others, make friends, and gain other social skills that will be used throughout their lives. Coaches and parents should be aware, at all times, that their feedback to youngsters can greatly affect their children. Youngsters may take their parents' and coaches' criticisms to heart and find a flaw (缺陷) in themselves.

Coaches and parents should also be cautious that youth sport participation does not become work for children. The outcome of the game should not be more important than the process of learning the sport and other life lessons. In today's youth sport setting. Young athletes may be worrying more about who will win instead of enjoying themselves and the sport. Following a game many parents and coaches focus on the outcome and find fault with youngsters' performances. Positive reinforcement should be provided regardless of the outcome. Research indicates that positive reinforcement motivates and has a greater effect on learning than criticism. Again, criticism can create high levels of stress, Which can lead to burnout.

16. An effective way to prevent the burnout of young athletes is A)to reduce their mental stress C)to make sports less competitive
B)to increase their sense of success D)to make sports more challenging

17. According to the passage sport is positive for young people in that .
A) it can help them learn more about society
B) it enables them to find flaws in themselves
C) it can provide them with valuable experiences
D) it teaches them how to set realistic goals for themselves

18. Many coaches and parents are in the habit of criticizing young athletes _ .
A)believing that criticism is beneficial for their early development
B)without realizing criticism may destroy their self confidence
C)in order to make them remember life's lessons
D)so as to put more pressure on them

19. According to the passage parents and coaches should .
A)pay more attention to letting children enjoy sports
B)help children to win every game
C)train children to cope with stress
D)enable children to understand the positive aspect of sports

20. The author's purpose in writing the passage is .
A)to teach young athletes how to avoid burnout
B)to persuade young children not to worry about criticism
C)to stress the importance of positive reinforcement to children
D)to discuss the skill of combining criticism with encouragement

Passage Three
Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage.

Humanity uses a little less than half the water available worldwide. Yet occurrences of shortages and droughts (干旱) are causing famine and distress in some areas, and industrial and agricultural by-products are polluting water supplies. Since the world's population is expected to double in the next 50 years, many experts think we are on the edge of a widespread water crisis.

But that doesn't have to be the outcome. Water shortages do not have to trouble the world-if we start valuing water more than we have in the past. Just as we began to appreciate petroleum more after the 1970s oil crises, today we must start looking at water from a fresh economic perspective. We can no longer afford to consider water a virtually free resource of which we can use as much as we like in any way we want.

Instead, for all uses except the domestic demand of the poor, governments should price water to reflect its actual value. This means charging a fee for the water itself as well as for the supply costs.
Governments should also protect this resource by providing water in more economically and environmentally sound ways. For example, often the cheapest way to provide irrigation(灌溉)water in the dry tropics is through small-scale projects, such as gathering rainfall in depressions(凹地) and pumping it to nearby cropland.

No matter what steps governments take to provide water more efficiently, they must change their institutional and legal approaches to water use. Rather than spread control among hundreds or even thousands of local, regional, and national agencies that watch various aspects of water use, countries should set up central authorities to coordinate water policy.

21. What is the real cause of the patential water crisis.
A)Only harf of the world's warter can be used.
B)The world population is inereasing faster and faster.
C)Half of the world's water resources have been seriously polluted.
D)Humanity has not placed officient value on water resources.

22. As indicated in the passage, the water problem .
A)is already serious in certain parts of the world.
B)Has been exaggerated by some experts in the field
C)Poses a challenge to the technology of building reservoirs
D)Is underestimated by government organizations at different levels

23. According to the author, the water price should .
A)be reduced to the minimum
B)stimulate domestic demand
C)correspond to its real value
D)ake into account the occurrences of droughts

24. The author says that in some hot and dry areas it is advisable to .
A)build big lakes to store water
B)construct big pumping stations
C)build small and cheap irrigation systems
D)channel water from nearby rivers to cropland

25. In order to raise the efficiency of the water supply, measures should be taken to .
A)guarantee full protection of the environment
B)centralize the management of water resources
C)increase the sense of responsibility of agencies at all levels
D)encourage local and regional of water resources

Passage Four
Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage.

We can see how the product life cycle works by looking at the introduction of instant coffee. When it was introduced, most people did not like it as well as "regular"coffee and it took several years to gain general acceptance (introduction stage). At one point, though, Instant coffee grew rapidly in popularity and many brands were introduced (stage of rapid growth). After a while people became attached to one brand and sales leveled off (stage of maturity). Sales went into a slight decline （衰退）when freeze-dried coffees were introduced (stage of decline).

The importance of the product life cycle to marketers is this: Different stages in the product life cycle call for different strategies. The goal is to extend product life so that sales and profits do not decline. One strategy is called market modification. It means that marketing managers look for new users and market sections. Did you know, for example, that the backpacks that so many students carry today were originally designed for the military?

Market modification also means searching for increased usage among present customers or going for a different market, such as senior citizens. A marketer may re-position the product to appeal to new market sections.

Another product extension strategy is called product modification. It involves changing product quality, features, or style to attract new users or more usage from present users. American auto manufacturers are using quality improvement as one way to recapture world markets. Note, also, how auto manufacturers once changed styles dramatically from year to year to keep demand from falling.

26. According to the passage, when people grow fond of one particular brand of a product, its sales will .
A)decrease gradually C)improve enormously
B)become unstable D)remain at the same level
27. The first paragraph tells us that a new product is .
A)usually introduced to satisfy different tastes
B)often more expensive than old ones
C)often inferior to old ones at first
D)not easily accepted by the public

28. Marketers need to know which of the four stages a product is in so as to .
A)work out marketing policies C)promote its production
B)increase its popularity D)speed up its life cycle

29. The author mentions the example of "backpacks"(Line 4, Para.2 ) to show the importance of .
A)increasing usage among students C)pleasing the young as well as the old
B)exploring new market sections D)serving both military and civil needs

30. In order to recover their share of the world market, U.S. auto makers are .
A)improving product quality C)re-positioning their product in the market
B)modernizing product style D)increasing product features

Part III Vocabulary and Structure (20 minutes)

Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For each sentence there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the center.

31. By the time he arrives in Beijing, we here for two days.
A)will have stayed C)have been staying
B)shall stay D)have stayed
32. According to the American federal government, residents of Hawaii have the longest life :77.2 years.
A)rank C)scale
B)span D)scope
33. The millions of calculations involved, had they been done by hand, all practical value by the time they were finished.
A) had lost C)would lose
B)would have lost D)should have lost
34. As a public relations officer, he is said some very influential people.
A) to know C)to have been knowing
B) to be knowing D)to have known
35. Our hopes and fell in the same instant.
A)arose C)rose
B)raised D)aroused
36. With the development in science and technology man can make various flowers before their time.
A) be bloomed C) bloomed
B) bloom D)blooming
37. A season ticket _______the holder to make as many journeys as he wishes within the stated period of time.
A) entitles C)bloomed
B) grants D)promises
38. _______in the office had a mistake, and the firm regretted causing the customer inconvenience.
A) Someone C) Anyone
B) Some D) One
39. In recent years much more emphasis has been put developing the students productive skills.
A) onto C) over
B) in D) on
40. Only a selected number of landladies in the neighbourhood have been allowed by the university to take in .
A) residents C) settlers
B) lodgers D)inhabitants
41. The fire was finally brought under control, but not extensive damage had been caused.
A) before C) after
B) since D) as
42. Purchasing the new production line will be a deal for the company.
A) forceful C) favorite
B) tremendous D)profitable
43. Rod is determined to get a seat for the concert it means standing in a queue all night.
A) as if C) provided
B) even if D) whatever
44. We hadn't met for 20 years, but I recognized her I saw her .
A) the moment C) the moment when
B) for the moment D) at the moment when
45. Though he was born and brought up in America, he can speak Chinese.
A) fluid C) fluent
B) smooth D) flowing
46. Government reports examination compositions legal documents and most business letters are the main situations formal language is used.
A) in which C) on which
B) at what D) in that
47. Fifty years ago, wealthy people liked hunting wild animals for fun sightseeing.
A) rather than to go C) other than going
B) more than going D) than to go
48. If the building project by the end of this month is delayed, the construction company will be fined.
A) being completed C) to be completed
B) is completed D) completed
49. He wrote an article criticizing the Greek poet and won and a scholarship.
A) faith C) fame
B) status D) courage
50. Jack wishes that he business instead of history when he was in university.
A) studied C) had been studying
B) study D) had studied
51. The older New England villages have changed relatively little a gas station or two in recent decades.
A) except for C) except
B) in addition to D) besides
52. The Car Club couldn't to meet the demands of all its members.
A) assume C) guarantee
B) ensure D) confirm
53. Extensive reporting on television has helped to interest in a wide variety of sports and activities.
A) assemble C) yield
B) generate D) gather
54. The president promised to keep all the board members of how the negotiations were going on.
A) inform C) be informed
B) informing D) informed
55. Eating too much fat can heart disease and cause high blood pressure.
A) attribute to C) contribute to
B) attend to D) devote to
56. All the tasks ahead of time, they decided to go on holiday for a week.
A) been fulfilled C) were fulfilled
B) having been fulfilled D) had been fulfilled
57. This article more attention to the problem of cultural interference in foreign language teaching and learning.
A) cares for C) allows for
B) applies for D) calls for
58. He was punished he should make the same mistake again.
A) unless C) if
B) provided D) lest
59. Petrol is refined from the oil we take out of the ground.
A) crude C) rude
B)fresh D) original
60. in the United States, St. Louis has now become the 24th largest city.
A) being the fourth biggest city C) Once the fourth biggest city
B) It was once the fourth biggest city D) The fourth biggest city it was



Part Ⅳ Cloze (15 minutes)
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage.For each blank there are four choices marked A),B),C) and D) on the right side of the paper.You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage.Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

More than forty thousand readers told us what they looked for in close friendships,what they expected 61 friends, what they were willing to give in 62 , and how satisfied they were 63 the quality of their friendships. the 64 give little comfort to social critics.
Friendship 65 to be a unique form of 66 bonding .Unlike marriage or the ties that 67 parents and children, it is not defined or regulated by
68 .Unlike other social roles that we are expected to 69 as citizens, employees,members of professional societies and 70 organizations-it has its own principle , which is to promote 71 of warmth,trust,love, and affection 72 two people.
The survey on friendship appeared in the March 73 of Psychology Today. The findings 74 that issues of trust and betrayal (背叛) are 75 to friendship. They also suggest that our readers do not 76 for friends only among those who are 77 like them,but find many 78 differ in race, religion, and ethnic (种族的) background. Arguably the most important
79 that emerges from the data, 80 , is not something that we found-but what we did not.

大学英语四级考试
ＣＯＬＬＥＧＥ　ＥＮＧＬＩＳＨ　ＴＥＳＴ
－Ｂａｎｄ　Ｆｏｕｒ－
（4osh2）
一、将自己的校名、姓名、学校代号填入本页左面各项内，准考证号填入右下角。
二、试卷二共两部分：试卷一听力理解部分中的Compound Dictaion的答卷和Ｐａｒｔ　Ｖ　Ｗｒｉｔｉｎｇ，注意不要漏做。

PartI Section B Compound Dictation
Dicections: In this section,you will hear a passage three times.When the passage is read for the first time,you should listen carefully for its general idea.When the passage is read for the second time ,you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from s1 to s7 with the exact words you have just heard.For blanks numbered from s8 to s10 you are required to fill in the missing information. You can either use the exact words you have just heard or write down the main points in your own words .Finally ,when the passage is read for the third time ,you should check what you have written.

If you are a young college student ,most of your concerns about your health and happiness in life are probably(S1)_________on the present.Basically,you want to feel good physically,mentally,and (S2)_______now.You probably don't spend much time worrying about the (S3)_______future,such as whether you will develop heart disease,or (S4)________,how you will take care of yourself in your (S5)_______years,or how long you are going to live.Such thoughts may have (S6)_______your mind once in a while however,if you are in your thirties, forties, fifties ,or older,such health related thoughts are likely to become(s7)________important to you .
(s8)
that will help you feel better physically and mentally .Recently researchers have found that ,even in late adulthood,exercise,strength training with weights,and better food can help elderly individuals significantly improve their health and add happiness to their life.(s9)
giving us the opportunity to avoid some of health porblems that have troubled them.(s10)

Part V Writing (20 munutes)
Directions: For this part,you are allowed thirty minutes to write a letter.Suppose you are Zhang Ying.Write a letter to Xial Wang,a schoolmate of yours who is going to visit you during the week-long holiday.You should write at least 100 words according to the suggestions given below in Chinese.
1.表示欢迎
2.提出过度假安排的建议
3. 提醒应注意的事项

A Letter to a Schoolmate

June 23,2001
Dear Xiao Wang


Yours.
ZhangYing