2001年1月大学英语四级考试试题

Part Ⅰ Listening Comprehension(20 minutes)

Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversation, a question will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］, and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Example: You will hear:
You will read:
［A］ At the office.
［B］ In the waiting room.
［C］ At the airport.
［D］ In a restaurant.
From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This is most likely to have taken place at the office. Therefore, ［A］ “At the office” is the best answer. You should choose ［A］ on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.

Sample Answer ［A］［B］［C］［D］

1. ［A］ Get some change from Jane
［B］ Use the woman's phone.
［C］ Go to look for a pay phone.
［D］ Pay for the phone call.
2. ［A］ At a bookstore.
［B］ In a workshop.
［C］ At an art gallery.
［D］ In a department store.
3. ［A］ She's bought the man a pair of glasses today.
［B］ She will help the man to catch up.
［C］ She is worried about the man's health.
［D］ She
　　Part Ⅰ Listening Comprehension(20 minutes)

　　Section A
Directions: In this section, you will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversation, a question will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］, and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Example: You will hear:
You will read:
［A］ At the office.
［B］ In the waiting room.
［C］ At the airport.
［D］ In a restaurant.
From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This is most likely to have taken place at the office. Therefore, ［A］ “At the office” is the best answer. You should choose ［A］ on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.

Sample Answer ［A］［B］［C］［D］

1. ［A］ Get some change from Jane
［B］ Use the woman's phone.
［C］ Go to look for a pay phone.
［D］ Pay for the phone call.
2. ［A］ At a bookstore.
［B］ In a workshop.
［C］ At an art gallery.
［D］ In a department store.
3. ［A］ She's bought the man a pair of glasses today.
［B］ She will help the man to catch up.
［C］ She is worried about the man's health.
［D］ She has bought the man an up\|to\|date map.
4.［A］ He is going to give a talk on fishing.
［B］ He thinks fishing is a good way to kill time.
［C］ He has the same hobby as Susan's father.
［D］ He is eager to meet Susan's parents.
5.［A］ He finds the presentation hard to follow.
［B］ He considers the presentation very dull.
［C］ He thinks Professor White has chosen an interesting topic.
［D］ He speaks highly of the presentation.
6. ［A］ High quality paper.
［B］ typewriter.
［C］ A bookshelf.
［D］ Some stocks.
7. ［A］ They go to the seaside.
［B］ They set off early.
［C］ They go sightseeing.
［D］ They wait for a fine day.
8. ［A］ He was late for school on the first day.
［B］ He had a funny face.
［C］ He was the first person she met at school.
［D］ He liked to show off in class.
9. ［A］ Her car can stand any crash.
［B］ Her car is not as good as his.
［C］ Her car is maintained as well as his.
［D］ Her car is kept in good condition.
10.［A］ She is too busy to go.
［B］ She doesn't want to wait long.
［C］ She's willing to go swimming.
［D］ She enjoys the wonderful weather.


Section B
Directions:In this section, you will hear 3 short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］ . Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

Passage One

Questions 11 to 13 are based on the passage you have just heard.
11. ［A］ He was once a friend of the ruler.
［B］ He was a tax collector.
［C］ He was a government official.
［D］ He was once a school teacher in India.

12. ［A］ To declare new ways of collecting tax.
［B］ To entertain those who had made great contributions to the government.
［C］ To collect money from the persons invited.
［D］ To reward outstanding tax collectors.
13. ［A］ They tried to collect more money than the ruler asked for.
［B］ They were given some silver and gold coins by the ruler.
［C］ They were excused from paying income tax.
［D］ They enjoyed being invited to dinner at the ruler's palace.

Passage Two

Questions 14 to 16 are based on the passage you have just heard.
14. ［A］ They liked travelling.
［B］ They wanted to find a better place to live in.
［C］ They were driven out of their homes.
［D］ The reasons are unknown.
15. ［A］ They try to put up with Gypsies.
［B］ They are envious of Gypsies.
［C］ They are unfriendly to Gypsies.
［D］ They admire the musical talent of the Gypsies.
16. ［A］ Special schools have been set up for them.
［B］ Permanent homes have been built for them.
［C］ They are now taught in their own language.
［D］ They are now allowed to attend local schools.

Passage Three

Questions 17 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.
17. ［A］ The causes are obvious.
［B］ The causes are very complicated

［C］ The causes are familiar.
［D］ The causes are not well understood.


18. ［A］ Regular driver training.
［B］ Improved highway
［C］ Stricter traffic regulations.
［D］ Better public transportation.


19. ［A］ Highway crime.
［B］ Poor traffic control.
［C］ Confusing road signs.
［D］ Drivers' errors.
20. ［A］ Designing better cars.
［B］ Building more highways.
［C］ Increasing people's awareness of traffic problems.
［D］ Enhancing drivers' sense of responsibility.

Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension(35 minutes)
Section A
Directions: There are 4 passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］ . You should decide

on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

Passage One

Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage:

Dogs are social animals and without proper training, they will be have like wild animals. They will spoil your house, destroy your belongings, bark excessively, fight other dogs and even bite you. Nearly all behavior problems are perfectly normal dog activities that occur at the wrong time or place or are directed at the wrong thing. The key to preventing or treating behavior problems is learning to teach the dog to redirect its normal behavior to outlets that are acceptable in the domestic setting.\;One of the best things you can do for your dog and yourself is to obedience train (驯服) it. Obedience training doesn't solve all behavior problems, but it is the foundation for solving just about any problem. Training opens up a line of communication between you and your dog. Effective communication is necessary to instruct your dog about what you want it to do.\;Training is also an easy way to establish the social rank order. When your dog obeys a simple request of “come here, sit,” it is showing obedience and respect for you. It is not necessary to establish yourself as top dog or leader of the

dog pack (群) by using extreme measures. You can teach your dog its

subordinate (从属的) role by teaching it to show submission to you. Most dogs love performing tricks for you to pleasantly accept that you are in charge.\;Training should be fun and rewarding for you and your dog. It can enrich your relationship and make living together more enjoyable. A well\|trained dog is more confident and can more safely be allowed a greater amount of freedom than an untrained animal.
21. Behavior problems of dogs are believed to .
［A］ be just part of their nature
［B］ worsen in modern society
［C］ occur when they go wild
［D］ present a threat to the community
22. The primary purpose of obedience training is to .
［A］ teach the dog to perform clever tricks
［B］ make the dog aware to its owner's authority
［C］ provide the dog with outlets for its wild behavior
［D］ enable the dog to regain its normal behavior
23. Effective communication between a dog and its owner is .
［A］ essential to solving the dog's behavior problems
［B］ the foundation for dogs to perform tasks
［C］ a good way to teach the dog new tricks
［D］ an extreme measure in obedience training
24. Why do pet dogs love performing tricks for their masters?
［A］ To avoid being punished.
［B］ To show their affection for their masters.
［C］ To win leadership of the dog pack.
［D］ To show their willingness to obey.

25. When a dog has received effective obedience training, its owner .

［A］ can give the dog more rewards
［B］ will enjoy a better family life
［C］ can give the dog more freedom
［D］ will have more confidence in himself

Passage Two

Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage:\;Engineering students are supposed to be examples of practicality and rationality

, but when it comes to my college education I am an idealist and a fool. In high school I wanted to be an electrical engineer and, of course, any sensible student with my aims would have chosen a college with a large engineering department, famous reputation and lots of good labs and research equipment. But that's not what I did.\;I chose to study engineering at a small liberal\|arts(文科) university that doesn't even offer a major in electrical engineering. Obviously, this was not a practical choice; I came here for more noble reasons. I wanted a broad edu cation that would provide me with flexibility and a value system to guide me in my career. I wanted to open my eyes and expand my vision by interacting with people who weren't studying science or engineering. My parents, teachers and other adults praised me for such a sensible choice. They told me I was wise and mature

beyond my 18 years, and I believed them.\;I headed off to college sure I was going to have an advantage over those students who went to big engineerng “factories” where they didn't care if you had values or were flexible. I was going to be a complete engineer: technical genius and sensitive humanist(人文学者) all in one.\;Now I'm not so sure. Somewhere along the way my noble ideals crashed into reality, as all noble ideals eventually do. After three years of struggling to balance

maths, physics and engineering courses with liberal\|arts courses, I have learned there are reasons why few engineering students try to reconcile (协调) engineering with liberal\|arts courses in college.\;
The reality that has blocked my path to becoming the typical successful student is that engineering and the liberal arts simply don't mix as easily as I assumed in high school. Individually they shape a person in very different ways; together they threaten to confuse. The struggle to reconcile the two fields of study is difficult.
26. The author chose to study engineering at a small liberalarts university because he .
［A］ wanted to be an example of practicality and rationality
［B］ intended to be a combination of engineer and humanist
［C］ wanted to coordinate engineering with liberalarts courses in college
［D］ intended to be a sensible student with noble ideals
27. According to the author, by interacting with people who study liberal arts, engineering students can .
［A］ balance engineering and the liberal arts
［B］ receive guidance in their careers
［C］ become noble idealists
［D］ broaden their horizons
28. In the eyes of the author, a successful engineering student is expected.
［A］ to have an excellent academic record
［B］ to be wise and mature
［C］ to be imaginative with a value system to guide him
［D］ to be a technical genius with a wide vision
29. The author's experience shows that he was .
［A］ creative
［B］ ambitious
［C］ unrealistic
［D］ irrational
30. The word “they” in “... together they threaten to confuse.” (Line 3, Para. 5) refers to .
［A］ engineering and the liberal arts
［B］ reality and noble ideals
［C］ flexibility and a value system
［D］ practicality and rationality

Passage Three

Questions 31 to 35 are based on the following passage：
Priscilla Ouchida's “energy\|efficient” house turned out to be a horrible dream. When she and her engineer husband married a few years ago, they built a $100,000, three\|bedroom home in California. Tightly sealed to prevent air leaks, the house was equipped with small double\|paned(双层玻璃的) windows and several other energy\|saving features. Problems began as soon as the couple moved in, however. Priscilla's eyes burned. Her throat was constantly dry. She suffer

ed from headaches and could hardly sleep. It was as though she had suddenly deve loped a strange illness.\;Experts finally traced the cause of her illness. The level of formaldehyde(甲醛) gas in her kitchen was twice the maximum allowed by federal standards for chemical workers. The source of the gas? Her new kitchen cabinets and wall\|to\|wall carpeting.\;The Ouchidas are victims of indoor air pollution, which is not given sufficient attention partly because of the nation's drive to save energy. The problem itself isn't new. “The indoor environment was dirty long before energy conservation came along,” says Moschandreas, a pollution scientist at Geomet Technologies in Maryland. “Energy conservation has tended to accentuate the situation in some cases.”\;
The problem appears to be more troublesome in newly constructed homes rather than old ones. Back in the days when energy was cheap, home builders didn't worry much about unsealed cracks. Because of such leaks, the air in an average home was replaced by fresh outdoor air about once an hour. As a result, the pollutants generated in most households seldom built up to dangerous levels.
31. It can be learned from the passage that the Ouchidas' house.
［A］ is well worth the money spent on its construction
［B］ is almost faultless from the point of energy conservation
［C］ failed to meet energy conservation standards
［D］ was designed and constructed in a scientific way
32. What made the Ouchidas' new house a horrible dream?
［A］ Lack of fresh air.
［B］ Poor quality of building materials.
［C］ Gas leakage in the kitchen.
［D］ The newly painted walls
33. The word “accentuate”(Line 4, Para. 3) most probably means “”.
［A］ relieve
［B］ accelerate
［C］ worsen
［D］ improve
34. Why were cracks in old houses not a big concern?
［A］ Because indoor cleanness was not emphasized.
［B］ Because energy used to be inexpensive.
［C］ Because environmental protection was given top priority.
［D］ Because they were technically unavoidable.
35. This passage is most probably taken from an article entitled “

” .
［A］ Energy Conservation
［B］ House Building Crisis
［C］ Air Pollution Indoors
［D］ Traps in Building Construction

Passage Four

Questions 36 to 40 are based on the following passage:
In 1993, New York State ordered stores to charge a deposit on beverage

(饮料) containers. Within a year, consumers had returned millions of aluminum cans and glass and plastic bottles. Plenty of companies were eager to accept the aluminum and glass as raw materials for new products, but because few could figure out what to do with the plastic, much of it wound up buried in landfills (垃圾填埋场). The problem was not limited to New York. Unfortunately, there were too few uses for second\|hand plastic.\;Today, one out of five plastic soda bottles is recycled (回收利用) in the United States. The reason for the change is that now there are dozens of companies across the country buying discarded plastic soda bottles and turning them into fence posts, paint brushes, etc.\;As the New York experience shows, recycling involves more than simply separating valuable materials from the rest of the rubbish. A discard remains a discard until somebody figures out how to give it a second life―and until economic arrangements exist to give that second life value. Without adequate markets to absorb materials collected for recycling, throwaways actually depress prices for used m

aterials.\;Shrinking landfill space, and rising costs for burying and burning rubbish are forcing local governments to look more closely at recycling. In many areas, the East Coast especially, recycling is already the least expensive waste\|management option. For every ton of waste recycled, a city avoids paying for its disposal,which, in parts of New York, amounts to savings of more than $100 per ton. Recy

cling also stimulates the local economy by creating jobs and trims the pollution control and energy costs of industries that make recycled products by giving them a more refined raw material.
36. What regulation was issued by New York State concerning beverage containers?
［A］ Beverage companies should be responsible for collecting and reusing discarded plastic soda bottles.
［B］ Throwaways should be collected by the state for recycling.
［C］ A fee should be charged on used containers for recycling.
［D］ Consumers had to pay for beverage containers and could get their money back on returning them.
37. The returned plastic bottles in New York used to .
［A］ end up somewhere underground
［B］ be turned into raw materials
［C］ have a second\|life value
［D］ be separated from other rubbish
38. The key problem in dealing with returned plastic beverage containers is.
［A］ to sell them at a profitable price
［B］ how to turn them into useful things
［C］ how to reduce their recycling costs
［D］ to lower the prices for used materials
39. Recycling has become the first choice for the disposal of rubbish because .
［A］ local governments find it easy to manage
［B］ recycling has great appeal for the jobless
［C］ recycling causes little pollution
［D］ other methods are more expensive
40. It can be concluded from the passage that .
［A］ rubbish is a potential remedy for the shortage of raw materials
［B］ local governments in the U.S. can expect big profits from recycling
［C］ recycling is to be recommended both economically and environmentally
［D］ landfills will still be widely used for waste disposal




Part ⅢVocabulary and Structure(20 minutes)Section A

Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For

each sentence there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］ . Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

41. It is important that the hotel receptionist that guests are regi

stered correctly.
［A］ has made sure
［B］ made sure
［C］ must make sure
［D］ make sure
42. I suggested he should himself to his new conditions.
［A］ adapt
［B］ adopt
［C］ regulate
［D］ suit
43. I'll never forget you for the first time.
［A］ to meet
［B］ meeting
［C］ to have met
［D］ having to be meeting
44. Cancellation of the flight many passengers to spend the night at

the airport.
［A］ resulted
［B］ obliged
［C］ demanded
［D］ recommended


45. That young man still denies the fire behind the store.
［A］ start
［B］ to start
［C］ having started
［D］ to have started

46. in a recent science competition, the three students were awarded

scholarships totaling $21,000.
［A］ Judged the best
［B］ Judging the best
［C］ To be judged the best
［D］ Having judged the best
47. Without proper lessons, you could a lot of bad habits when playi

ng the piano.
［A］ keep up
［B］ pick up
［C］ draw up
［D］ catch up
48. Everything we eat and drink contains some salt; we can meet the body's need for it from natural sources without turning the salt bottle.
［A］ up
［B］ to
［C］ on
［D］ over
49. He always did well at school having to do part\|time jobs every n

ow and then.
［A］ in spite of
［B］ regardless of
［C］ on account of
［D］ in case of
50. receiving financial support from family, community or the govern

ment is allowed, it is never admired.
［A］ As
［B］ Once
［C］ Although
［D］ Lest
51. All the key words in the article are printed in type so as to at

tract readers' attention.
［A］ dark
［B］ dense
［C］ black
［D］ bold
52. The basic features of the communication process are identified in one question: Who says through what channel to whom?
［A］ how
［B］ when
［C］ what
［D］ such
53. I didn't to take a taxi but I had to as I was late.
［A］ assume
［B］ suppose
［C］ mean
［D］ hope
54. The hours the children spend in their one\|way relationship with

television people undoubtedly affect their relationships with real\|life people.
［A］ in which
［B］ on which
［C］ when
［D］ that
55. I'd rather have a room of my own, however small it is, than a ro

om with someone else.
［A］ share
［B］ to share
［C］ sharing
［D］ to have shared
56. In Disneyland, every year, some 800,000 plants are replaced because Disney refused to signs asking his “guests” not to step on them.
［A］ put down
［B］ put out
［C］ put up
［D］ put off
57. difficulties we may come across, we'll help one another to overc

ome them.
［A］ Wherever
［B］ Whatever
［C］ However
［D］ Whenever
58. So many directors , the board meeting had to be put off.
［A］ were absent
［B］ been absent
［C］ had been absent
［D］ being absent

59. On New Year's Eve, New York City holds an outdoor which attracts

a crowd of a million or more people.
［A］ incident
［B］ event
［C］ case
［D］ affair
60. American football and baseball are becoming known to the British public through televised from the United States.
［A］ transfer
［B］ deliveries
［C］ transportation
［D］ transmissions
61. He will surely finish the job on time he's left to do it in his

own way.
［A］ in that
［B］ so long as
［C］ in case
［D］ as far as
62. If this kind of fish becomes , future generations may never taste

it at all.
［A］ minimum
［B］ short
［C］ seldom
［D］ scarce
63. The bank is reported in the local newspaper in broad daylight ye

sterday.
［A］ being robbed
［B］ having been robbed
［C］ to have been robbed

［D］ robbed
64. Agriculture was a step in human progress which subsequently ther

e was not anything comparable until our own machine age.
［A］ in
［B］ for
［C］ to
［D］ from
65. The same factors push wages and prices up together, the one the

other.
［A］ emphasizing
［B］ reinforcing
［C］ multiplying
［D］ increasing
66. No one had told Smith about a lecture the following day.
［A］ there being
［B］ there be
［C］ there would be
［D］ there was
67. Operations which left patients and in need of long periods of re

covery time now leave them feeling relaxed and comfortable.
［A］ exhausted
［B］ abandoned
［C］ injured
［D］ deserted


68. I was halfway back to the cottage where my mother lived Susan ca

ught up with me.
［A］ when
［B］ while
［C］ until
［D］ though
69. the temperature falling so rapidly, we couldn't go on with the e

xperiment.
［A］ Since
［B］ For
［C］ As
［D］ With
70. The bed has been in the family. It was my great grandmother's or

iginally.
［A］ handed out
［B］ handed over
［C］ handed down
［D］ handed round

Part Ⅳ Cloze (15 minutes)


Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For ea

ch blank there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］and ［D］ below the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.\;For the past two years, I have been working on students' evaluation of classroom teaching. I have kept a record of informal conversations \ \ 71\ \ some 300 students from at 72 twenty\|one colleges and unive rsities. The students were generally 73 and direct in their comments 74how course work could be better 75

. Most of their remarks were kindly 76― with tolerance rather than bitterness―and frequently were softened by the 77 that the students were speaking 78 some, not all, instructors. Nevertheless, \ 79\ the following suggestions and comments indicate, students feel \ 80\ with things\|as\|they\|are in the classroom.\;Professors should be \ 81\ from reading lecture notes. “It makes their \ 82\ monotonous (单调的).”\;If they are going to read, why not \ 83\ out copies of the lecture? Then we \ 84\ need to go to class. Professors should 85

repeating in lectures material that is in the textbook. “86

we've read the material, we want to \ 87\ it or hear it elaborat

ed on, \ 88\ repeated.” “A lot of students hate to buy a 89text that the professor has written 90 to have his le

ctures repeat it.”

71. ［A］ involving
［B］ counting
［C］ covering
［D］ figuring


72. ［A］ best
［B］ least
［C］ length
［D］ large
73. ［A］ reserved
［B］ hard\|working
［C］ polite
［D］ frank
74. ［A］ over
［B］ at
［C］ on
［D］ of
75. ［A］ presented
［B］ submitted
［C］ described
［D］ written
76. ［A］ received
［B］ addressed
［C］ made
［D］ taken
77. ［A］ occasion
［B］ truth
［C］ case
［D］ fact
78. ［A］ on
［B］ about
［C］ at
［D］ with
79. ［A］ though
［B］ as
［C］ whether
［D］ if
80. ［A］ dissatisfied
［B］ unsatisfactory
［C］ satisfied
［D］ satisfactory
81. ［A］ interfered
［B］ interrupted
［C］ discouraged
［D］ disturbed
82. ［A］ voices
［B］ sounds
［C］ pronunciation
［D］ gestures
83. ［A］ hold
［B］ leave
［C］ drop
［D］ give
84. ［A］ couldn't
［B］ wouldn't
［C］ mustn't
［D］ shouldn't
85. ［A］ refuse
［B］ prohibit
［C］ prevent
［D］ avoid
86. ［A］ Once
［B］ Until
［C］ However
［D］ Unless
87. ［A］ remember
［B］ argue
［C］ discuss
［D］ keep
88. ［A］ yet
［B］ not
［C］and
［D］ or
89. ［A］ desired
［B］ revised
［C］ required
［D］ deserved
90. ［A］ about
［B］ how
［C］ but
［D］ only

Part ⅤWriting(30 minutes)

Directions: For this part, you are allowed thirty minutes to write a composition on the topic: How to Succeed in a Job interview?You should

write at least 100 words, and base your composition on the outline given in Chinese below:
1 面试在求职过程中的作用
2 取得面试成功的因素：仪表、举止谈吐、能力、专业知识、自信、实事求是……

How to Succeed in a Job Interview?