2002年6月大学英语六级考试试题及答案


试卷一　
Part　I　Listening　Comprehension　20　minutes　　　
Section　A　　　　
DirectionsIn　this　section　you　will　hear　10　short　conversation.　At　the　end　of　each　conversation　　a　question　will　be　asked　about　what　was　said.　Both　the　conversation　and　the　question　will　be　spoken　only　once.　After　each　question　there　will　be　a　pause.　During　the　parse　you　must　read　the　four　choices　marked　A　B　Cand　D　and　decided　which　is　the　best　answer.　Then　marked　the　corresponding　letter　on　the　Answer　Sheet　with　a　single　line　through　the　centre.　　　　
Example　
You　will　hear　　
You　will　read　A 2　hours　B3　hours　　　C4　hours　D5　hours　　　　
From　the　conversation　we　know　that　the　two　are　talking　about　some　work　they　will　start　at　9　o'clock　in　the　morning　and　have　to　finish　at　2　in　the　afternoon.　Therefore　D"5　hours"　is　the　correct　answer.　You　should　choose　D　on　the　Answer　Sheet　and　mark　it　with　a　single　line　through　the　centre.　　　　
Sample　Answer[A]　[B]　[C]　[D]　　　　
1.　ARegistering　for　course.　
　　BGetting　directions.　
　　CBuying　a　new　computer.　
　　DStudying　sociology.　　　　
2.　AThe　man　will　probably　have　to　find　a　roommate.　
　　BThe　man　is　unlikely　to　live　in　the　suburbs.　
　　CThe　man　will　probably　have　to　buy　a　car.　
　　DThe　man　is　unlikely　to　find　exactly　what　he　desires.　
3.　APainting　a　picture.　
BHosting　a　program.　
　　CDesigning　a　studio.　
DTaking　a　photograph.　　　　
4.　AThe　woman　doesn't　think　it　a　problem　to　get　her　passport　renewed.　
　　BThe　woman　has　difficulty　renewing　her　passport.　
　　CThe　woman　hasn't　renewed　her　passport　yet.　
　　DThe　woman's　passport　is　still　valid.　　　　
5.　AA　prediction　of　the　future　of　mankind.　
　　BA　new　drug　that　may　benefit　mankind.　
　　CAn　opportunity　for　a　good　job.　
　　DAn　unsuccessful　experiment.　　　　
6.　AA　lesson　requires　students'　active　involvement.　
　　BStudents　usually　take　an　active　part　in　a　lecture.　
　　CMore　knowledge　is　covered　in　a　lecture.　
　　DThere　is　a　larger　group　of　people　interested　in　lessons.　　　　
7.　ANeither　of　their　watches　keeps　good　time.　
　　BThe　woman's　watch　stopped　3　hours　ago.　
　　CThe　man's　watch　goes　too　fast.　
　　DIt's　too　dark　for　the　woman　to　read　her　watch.　　　　
8.　AShe's　proud　of　being　able　to　do　many　things　at　the　same　time.　
　　BShe　is　sure　to　finish　al　the　things　in　a　few　hours.　
　　CShe　dreams　of　becoming　a　millionaire　someday.　
　　DShe's　been　kept　extremdly　busy.　　　　
9.　AHe　wants　his　students　to　be　on　time　for　class.　
　　BHe　doesn't　allow　his　students　to　tell　jokes　in　class.　
　　CHe　is　always　punctual　for　his　class.　
　　DHe　rarely　notices　which　students　are　late.　　　　
10.　AHe　is　nervous　about　the　exam.　
　　BHe　is　looking　for　a　job.　
　　CHe　doesn't　dare　to　tell　lies.　
　　DHe　doesn't　know　how　to　answer　the　questions.　　　　
Section　B　　　　
Directions　In　this　section　you　will　hear　3　short　passages.　At　the　end　of　each　passage　you　will　hear　some　questions.　Both　the　passage　and　the　questions　will　be　spoken　only　once.　After　you　hear　a　question　you　must　choose　the　best　answer　form　the　four　choices　marked　A　B　Cand　D.　Then　mark　the　corresponding　letter　on　the　Answer　Sheet　with　a　single　line　through　the　centre.　　　　
Passage　One　　　Question　11　to　14　are　based　on　the　passage　you　have　just　heard.　　　　
11.　AShe　was　bored　with　her　idle　life　at　home.　
　　BShe　was　offered　a　good　job　by　her　neighbour.　
　　CShe　wanted　to　help　with　the　family's　finances.　
　　DHer　family　would　like　to　see　her　more　involved　in　social　life.　　　　
12.　ADoing　housework.　
　　BLooking　after　her　neighbour's　children.　
　　CReading　papers　and　watching　TV.　
　　DTaking　good　care　of　her　husband.　　　　
13.　AJane　got　angry　at　Bill's　idle　life.　
　　BBill　failed　to　adapt　to　the　new　situation.　
　　CBill　blamed　Jane　for　neglecting　the　family.　
　　DThe　children　were　not　taken　good　care　of.　　　　
14.　ANeighbours　should　help　each　other.　
　　BWomen　should　have　their　own　careers.　
　　CMan　and　wife　should　share　household　duties.　
　　DParents　should　take　good　care　of　their　children.　　　　
Passage　Two　　　Question　15　to　17　are　base　don　the　passage　you　have　just　heard.　　　　
15.　ATo　predict　natural　disasters　that　can　cause　vast　destruction.　
　　BTo　limit　the　destruction　that　natural　disasters　may　cause.　
　　CTo　gain　financial　support　from　the　United　Nations.　
　　Dto　propose　measures　to　hold　back　natural　disasters.　　　　
16.　AThere　is　still　a　long　way　to　go　before　man　can　control　natural　disasters.　
　　BInternational　cooperation　can　minimize　the　destructive　force　of　natural　disasters.　
　　CTechnology　can　help　reduce　the　damage　natural　disasters　may　cause.　
　　DScientists　can　successfully　predict　earthquakes.　　　　
17.　AThere　were　fatal　mistakes　in　its　design.　
　　BThe　builder　didn't　observe　the　building　codes　of　the　time.　
　　CThe　traffic　load　went　beyond　its　capacity.　
　　DIt　was　built　according　to　less　strict　earthquake-resistance　standards.　

Passage　Three　　　　
Questions　18　to　20　are　based　on　the　passage　you　have　just　heard.　　　　
18.　ABy　judging　to　what　extent　they　can　eliminate　the　risks.　
　　BBy　estimating　the　possible　loss　of　lives　and　property.　
　　CBy　estimating　the　frequency　of　volcanic　eruptions.　
　　DBy　judging　the　possible　risks　against　the　likely　benefits.　
19.　AOne　of　Etna's　recent　eruptions　made　many　people　move　away.　
　　BEtna's　frequent　eruptions　have　ruined　most　of　the　local　farmland.　
　　CEtna's　eruptions　are　frequent　but　usually　mild.　
　　DThere　are　signs　that　Etna　will　erupt　again　in　the　near　future.　
20.　AThey　will　remain　where　they　are.　
　　BThey　will　leave　this　area　for　ever.　
　　CThey　will　turn　to　experts　for　advice.　
　　DThey　will　seek　shelter　in　nearby　regions.　
　　　
Part　Ⅱ　Reading　Comprehension　(35　minutes)　　　　
Directions　There　are　4　passages　in　this　part.　Each　passage　is　followed　by　some　questions　or　unfinished　statements.　For　each　of　them　there　are　four　choices　marked　A　BCand　D.　You　should　decided　on　the　best　choice　and　mark　the　corresponding　letter　on　the　Answer　Sheet　with　a　single　line　through　the　centre.　　　　

Passage　One　　　　
Question　21　to　25　are　base　on　the　following　passage　
　When　global　warming　finally　came　it　stuck　with　a　vengeance(异乎寻常地).　In　some　regions　temperatures　rose　several　degrees　in　less　than　a　century.　Sea　levels　shot　up　nearly　400　feet　flooding　coastal　settlements　and　forcing　people　to　migrate　inland.　Deserts　spread　throughout　the　world　as　vegetation　shifted　drastically　in　North　America　Europe　and　Asia.　After　driving　many　of　the　animals　around　them　to　near　extinction　people　were　forced　to　abandon　their　old　way　of　life　for　a　radically　new　survival　strategy　that　resulted　in　widespread　starvation　and　disease.　The　adaptation　was　farmingthe　global-warming　crisis　that　gave　rise　to　it　happened　more　than　10000　years　ago.　　　As　environmentalists　convene　in　Rio　de　Janeiro　this　week　to　ponder　the　global　climate　of　the　future　earth　scientists　are　in　the　midst　of　a　revolution　in　understanding　how　climate　has　changed　in　the　past　--　and　how　those　changes　have　transformed　human　existence.　Researchers　have　begun　to　piece　together　an　illuminating　picture　of　the　powerful　geological　and　astronomical　forces　that　have　combined　to　change　the　planet's　environment　from　hot　to　cold　wet　to　dry　and　back　again　over　a　time　period　stretching　back　hundreds　of　millions　of　years.　
　　Most　important　scientists　are　beginning　to　realize　that　the　climatic　changes　have　had　a　major　impact　on　the　evolution　of　the　human　species.　New　research　now　suggests　that　climate　shifts　have　played　a　key　role　in　nearly　every　significant　turning　point　in　human　evolution　from　the　dawn　of　primates　(灵长目动物)　some　65　million　years　ago　to　human　ancestors　rising　up　to　walk　on　two　legs　from　the　huge　expansion　of　the　human　brain　to　the　rise　of　agriculture.　Indeed　the　human　history　has　not　been　merely　touched　by　global　climate　change　some　scientists　argue　it　has　in　some　instances　been　driven　by　it.　
　　The　new　research　has　profound　implications　for　he　environmental　summit　in　Rio.　Among　other　things　the　findings　demonstrate　that　dramatic　climate　changes　is　nothing　new　for　planet　Earth.　The　benign　(宜人的)　global　environment　that　has　existed　over　the　past　10000　years　-during　which　agriculture　writing　cities　and　most　other　features　of　civilization　appeared　-is　a　mere　bright　spot　in　a　much　larger　pattern　of　widely　varying　climate　over　the　ages.　In　fact　the　pattern　of　climate　change　in　the　past　reveals　that　Earth's　climate　will　almost　certainly　go　through　dramatic　changes　in　the　future　-　even　without　the　influence　of　human　activity.　

21.　Farming　emerged　as　a　survival　strategy　because　man　had　been　obliged.　
Ato　give　up　his　former　way　of　life　
Bto　leave　the　coastal　areas　
Cto　follow　the　ever-shifting　vegetation　
Dto　abandon　his　original　settlement　
22.　Earth　scientists　have　come　to　understand　that　climate.　
Ais　going　through　a　fundamental　change　
Bhas　been　getting　warmer　for　10000　years　
Cwill　eventually　change　from　hot　to　cold　
Dhas　gone　through　periodical　changes　
23.　Scientists　believe　that　human　evolution.　
Ahas　seldom　been　accompanied　by　climatic　changes　
Bhas　exerted　little　influence　on　climatic　changes　
Chas　largely　been　effected　by　climatic　changes　
Dhas　had　a　major　impact　on　climatic　changes　
24.　Evidence　of　past　climatic　changes　indicates　that.　
Ahuman　activities　have　accelerated　changes　of　Earth's　environment　
BEarth's　environment　will　remain　mild　despite　human　interference　
CEarth's　climate　is　bound　to　change　significantly　in　the　future　
DEarth's　climate　is　unlikely　to　undergo　substantial　changes　in　the　future　
25.　The　message　the　author　wishes　to　convey　in　the　passage　is　that.　
Ahuman　civilization　remains　glorious　though　it　is　affected　by　climatic　changes　
Bmankind　is　virtually　helpless　in　the　face　of　the　dramatic　changes　of　climate　
Cman　has　to　limit　his　activities　to　slow　down　the　global　warming　process　
Dhuman　civilization　will　continue　to　develop　in　spite　of　the　changes　of　nature　

Passage　Two　　　　
Question　26　to　30　are　based　on　the　following　passage　
　No　woman　can　be　too　rich　or　too　thin.　This　saying　often　attributed　to　the　late　Duchess　(公爵夫人)　of　Windsor　embodies　much　of　the　odd　spirit　of　our　times.　Being　thin　is　deemed　as　such　a　virtue.　　　The　problem　with　such　a　view　is　that　some　people　actually　attempt　to　live　by　it.　I　myself　have　fantasies　of　slipping　into　narrow　designer　clothes.Consequently　　I　have　been　on　a　diet　for　the　better　-or　worse　-part　of　my　life.　Being　rich　wouldn't　be　bad　either　　but　that　won't　happen　unless　an　unknown　relative　dies　suddenly　in　some　distant　land　　leaving　me　millions　of　dollars.　　　Where　did　we　go　off　the　track　t　When　did　eating　butter　become　a　sin　　and　a　little　bit　of　extra　flesh　unappealing　　if　not　repellent　t　All　religions　have　certain　days　when　people　refrain　from　eating　　and　excessive　eating　is　one　of　Christianity's　seven　deadly　sins.　However　until　quite　recently　　most　people　had　a　problem　getting　enough　to　eat.　In　some　religious　groups　　wealth　was　symbol　of　probable　salvation　and　high　morals　　and　fatness　a　sign　of　wealth　and　well-being.　　　Today　the　opposite　is　true.　We　have　shifted　to　thinness　as　our　new　mark　of　virtue.　The　result　is　that　being　fat　-or　even　only　somewhat　overweight　-　is　bad　because　it　implies　a　lack　of　moral　strength.　　　Our　obsession　(迷恋)with　thinness　is　also　fuelled　by　health　concerns.　It　is　true　that　in　this　country　we　have　more　overweight　people　than　ever　before　　and　that　　in　many　cases　　being　overweight　correlates　with　an　increased　risk　of　heart　and　blood　vessel　disease.　These　diseases　　however　may　have　as　much　to　do　with　our　way　of　life　and　our　high-fat　diets　as　with　excess　weight.　And　the　associated　risk　of　cancer　in　the　digestive　system　may　be　more　of　a　dietary　problem　-　too　much　fat　and　a　lack　of　fiber　-　than　a　weight　problem.　　　The　real　concern　　then　　is　not　that　we　weight　too　much　　but　that　we　neither　exercise　enough　nor　eat　well.　Exercise　is　necessary　for　strong　bones　and　both　heart　and　lung　health.　A　balance　diet　without　a　lot　of　fat　can　also　help　the　body　avoid　many　diseases.　We　should　surely　stop　paying　so　much　attention　to　weight.Simply　being　thin　is　not　enough.　It　is　actually　hazardous　if　those　who　get　or　already　arethin　think　they　are　automatically　healthy　and　thus　free　from　paying　attention　to　their　overall　life-style.　Thinness　can　be　pure　vainglory　(虚荣).　

26.　In　the　eyes　of　the　author　an　odd　phenomenon　nowadays　is　that　
Athe　Duchess　of　Windsor　is　regarded　as　a　woman　of　virtue　
Blooking　slim　is　a　symbol　of　having　a　large　fortune　
Cbeing　thin　is　viewed　as　a　much　desired　quality　
Dreligious　people　are　not　necessarily　virtuous　
27.　Swept　by　the　prevailing　trend　the　author　
Ahad　to　go　on　a　diet　for　the　greater　part　of　her　life　
Bcould　still　prevent　herself　from　going　off　the　track　
Chad　to　seek　help　from　rich　distant　relatives　
Dhad　to　wear　highly　fashionable　clothes　
28.　In　human　history　people's　views　on　body　weight　
Awere　closely　related　to　their　religious　beliefs　
Bchanged　from　time　to　time　
Cvaried　between　the　poor　and　the　rich　
Dled　to　different　moral　standards　
29.　The　author　criticizes　women's　obsession　with　thinness　
Afrom　an　economic　and　educational　perspective　
Bfrom　sociological　and　medical　points　of　view　
Cfrom　a　historical　and　religious　standpoint　
Din　the　light　of　moral　principles　
30.　What's　the　author's　advice　to　women　who　are　absorbed　in　the　idea　of　thinnesst　
AThey　should　be　more　concerned　with　their　overall　lifestyle.　
BThey　should　be　more　watchful　for　fatal　diseases.　
CThey　should　gain　weight　to　look　healthy.　
DThey　should　rid　themselves　of　fantasies　about　designer　clothes.　

Passage　Three　　　　
Question　31　to　35　are　based　on　the　following　passage.　
　　War　may　be　a　natural　expression　of　biological　instincts　and　drives　toward　aggression　in　the　human　species.　Natural　impulses　of　anger　hostility　　and　territoriality　(守卫地盘的天性)are　expressed　through　acts　of　violence.　These　are　all　qualities　that　humans　share　with　animals.　Aggression　is　a　kind　of　innate　(天生的)survival　mechanism　　an　instinct　for　self-preservation　that　allows　animals　to　defend　themselves　from　threats　to　their　existence.　But　　on　the　other　hand　　human　violence　shows　evidence　of　being　a　learned　behavior.　In　the　case　of　human　aggression　　violence　cannot　be　simply　reduced　to　an　instance.　The　many　expressions　of　human　violence　are　always　conditioned　by　social　conventions　that　give　shape　to　aggressive　behavior.　In　human　societies　violence　has　a　social　function　It　is　a　strategy　for　creating　or　destroying　forms　of　social　order.　Religious　have　taken　a　leading　role　in　directing　the　powers　of　violence.　We　will　look　at　the　ritual　and　ethical　(道德上的)　patterns　within　which　human　violence　has　been　directed.　　　The　violence　within　a　society　is　controlled　through　institutions　of　law.　The　more　developed　a　legal　system　becomes　　the　more　society　takes　responsibility　for　the　discovery　　control　　and　punishment　of　violent　acts.　In　most　tribal　societies　the　only　means　to　deal　with　an　act　of　violence　is　revenge.Each　family　group　may　have　the　responsibility　for　personally　carrying　out　judgment　and　punishment　upon　the　person　who　committed　the　offense.　But　in　legal　systems　　the　responsibility　for　revenge　becomes　depersonalized　and　diffused.　The　society　assumes　the　responsibility　for　protecting　individuals　form　violence.　In　cases　where　they　cannot　be　protected　　the　society　is　responsible　for　imposing　punishment.　In　a　state　controlled　legal　system　　individuals　are　removed　from　the　cycle　of　revenge　motivated　by　motivated　by　acts　of　violence　　and　the　state　assumes　responsibility　for　their　protection.　　　The　other　side　of　a　state　legal　apparatus　is　a　state　military　apparatus.　While　the　one　protects　the　individual　from　violence　　the　other　sacrifices　the　individual　to　violence　in　the　interests　of　the　state.　In　war　the　state　affirms　its　supreme　power　over　the　individuals　within　its　own　borders.　War　is　not　simply　a　trial　by　combat　to　settle　disputes　between　states　it　is　the　moment　when　the　state　makes　its　most　powerful　demands　upon　its　people　for　their　commitment　　allegiance　　and　supreme　sacrifice.　Times　of　war　test　a　community's　deepest　religious　and　ethical　commitments.　

31.　Human　violence　shows　evidence　of　being　a　learned　behavior　in　that　
Ait　threatens　the　existing　social　systems　
Bit　is　influenced　by　society　
Cit　has　roots　in　religious　conflicts　
Dit　is　directed　against　institutions　of　law　
32.　The　function　of　legal　systems　according　to　the　passage　is　
Ato　control　violence　within　a　society　
Bto　protect　the　world　from　chaos　
Cto　free　society　from　the　idea　of　revenge　
Dto　give　the　government　absolute　power　
33.　What　does　the　author　mean　by　saying　"...　in　legal　systems　the　responsibility　for　revenge　becomes　depersonalized　and　diffused"Lines　5-6Para.2t　
ALegal　systems　greatly　reduce　the　possibilities　of　physical　violence.　
BOffenses　against　individuals　are　no　longer　judged　on　a　personal　basis.　
CVictims　of　violence　find　it　more　difficult　to　take　revenge.　
DPunishment　is　not　carried　out　directly　by　the　individuals　involved.　
34.　The　word　"allegiance"Line　5Para.　3is　closest　in　meaning　to　____　
Aloyalty.　
Csurvival.　
Bobjective.　
Dmotive.　
35.　What　can　we　learn　from　the　last　paragrapht　
AGovernments　tend　to　abuse　their　supreme　power　in　times　of　war.　
BIn　times　of　war　governments　may　extend　their　power　across　national　borders.　
CIn　times　of　war　governments　impose　high　religious　and　ethical　standards　on　their　people.　
DGovernments　may　sacrifice　individuals　in　the　interests　of　the　state　in　times　of　war.　

Passage　four　　　　
Question　36　to　40　are　based　on　the　following　passage　
　Researches　who　are　unfamiliar　with　the　cultural　and　ethnic　groups　they　are　studying　must　take　extra　precautions　to　shed　any　biases　the　bring　with　them　from　their　own　culture.　For　example　they　must　make　sure　they　construct　measures　that　are　meaningful　for　each　of　the　cultural　or　ethnic　minority　groups　being　studied.　　　In　conducting　research　on　cultural　and　ethnic　minority　issues　investigators　distinguish　between　the　emic　approach　and　the　etic　approach.　In　the　emic　approach　the　goal　is　to　describe　behaviour　in　one　culture　or　ethnic　group　in　terms　that　are　meaningful　and　important　to　the　people　in　that　culture　or　ethnic　group　without　regard　to　other　cultures　or　ethnic　groups.　In　the　etic　approach　　the　goal　is　to　describe　behaviour　so　that　generalizations　can　be　make　across　cultures.　If　researchers　construct　a　questionnaire　in　an　emic　fashion　their　concern　is　only　that　the　questions　are　meaningful　to　the　particular　culture　or　ethnic　group　being　studied.　If　　however　　the　researchers　construct　a　questionnaire　in　an　etic　fashion　　they　want　to　include　questions　that　reflect　concepts　familiar　to　all　cultures　involved.　　　How　might　the　emic　and　etic　approaches　be　reflected　in　the　study　of　family　processes　t　In　the　emic　approach　the　researchers　might　choose　to　focus　only　on　middle-class　White　families　　without　regard　for　whether　the　information　obtained　in　the　study　can　be　generalized　or　is　appropriate　for　ethnic　minority　groups.　In　a　subsequent　study　the　researchers　may　decide　to　adopt　an　etic　approach　by　studying　not　only　middle-class　White　families　but　also　lower-income　White　families　　Black　American　families　Spanish　American　families　　and　Asian　American　families.　In　studying　ethnic　minority　families　　minority　families　than　in　White　American　families.　If　so　the　emic　approach　would　reveal　a　different　the　researchers　would　likely　discover　that　the　extended　family　is　more　frequently　a　support　system　in　ethnic　pattern　of　family　interaction　than　would　the　etic　approach　documenting　that　research　with　middle-class　White　families　cannot　always　be　generalized　to　all　ethnic　groups.　　　　
36.　According　to　the　first　paragraph　researchers　unfamiliar　with　the　target　cultures　are　inclined　to　
Abe　overcautious　in　constructing　meaningful　measures　
Bview　them　from　their　own　cultural　perspective　
Cguard　against　interference　from　their　own　culture　
Daccept　readily　what　is　alien　to　their　own　culture　
37.　What　does　the　author　say　about　the　emic　approach　and　the　etic　approacht　
AThey　have　different　research　focuses　in　the　study　of　ethnic　issues.　
BThe　former　is　biased　while　the　latter　is　objective.　
CThe　former　concentrates　on　the　study　of　culture　while　the　latter　on　family　issues.　
DThey　are　both　beavily　dependent　on　questionnaires　in　conductiong　surveys.　
38.　Compared　with　the　etic　approach　the　emic　approach　is　apparently　more　
Aculturally　interactive　
Cculturally　biased　
Bculture-oriented　
Dculture-specific　
39.　The　etic　approach　is　concerned　with　
Athe　general　characteristics　of　minority　families　
Bculture-related　concepts　of　individual　ethnic　groups　
Cfeatures　shared　by　various　cultures　or　ethnic　groups　
Dthe　economic　conditions　of　different　types　of　famities　
40.　Which　of　the　following　is　true　of　the　ethnic　minority　families　in　the　U.S.　according　to　the　passaget　
AThein　cultural　patterns　are　usually　more　adaptable.　
BTheir　cultural　concepts　are　difficult　to　comprehend.　
CThey　don't　interact　with　each　other　so　much　as　White　fatnilies.　
DThey　have　closer　family　ties　than　White　families.　

Part　Ⅲ　Vocabulary　(20　minutes)　　　　
DirectionsThere　are　30　incomplete　sentences　in　this　part.　For　each　sentence　there　are　four　choices　marked　A　B　Cand　D.　Choose　the　ONE　answer　that　best　completes　the　sentence.　Then　mark　the　corresponding　letter　on　the　Answer　Sheet　with　a　single　line　through　the　centre.　　　　
41.　It　was　____　that　the　restaurant　discriminated　against　black　customers.　
Aaddicted　Balleged　Cassaulted　Dascribed　
42.　The　medicine　____　his　pain　but　did　not　cure　his　illness.　
Aactivated　　Balleviated　Cmediated　Ddeteriorated　
43.　He　is　the　only　person　who　can　____　in　this　case　because　the　other　witnesses　were　killed　mysteriously.　
Atestify　Bcharge　Caccuse　Drectify　
44.　Professor　Hawking　is　____　as　one　of　the　world's　greatest　living　physicists.　
Adignified　Bclarified　Cacknowledged　Dillustrated　
45.　The　financial　problem　of　this　company　is　further　____　by　the　rise　in　interest　rates.　
Aincreased　Bstrengthened　Creinforced　Daggravated　
46.　We　shall　probably　never　be　able　to　____　the　exact　nature　of　these　sub-atomic　particles.　
Aassert　Bimpart　Cascertain　Dnotify　
47.　All　the　people　in　the　stadium　cheered　up　when　they　saw　hundreds　of　colourful　balloons　____　slowly　into　the　sky.　
Aascending　Belevating　Cescalating　Dlingering　
48.　Many　years　had　____　before　they　returned　to　their　original　urban　areas.　
Afloated　Belapsed　Cskipped　Dproceeded　
49.　What　you　say　now　is　not　____　with　what　you　said　last　week.　
Aconsistent　Bpersistent　Cpermanent　Dinsistent　
50.　Military　orders　are　____　and　cannot　be　disobeyed.　
Adefective　Bconservative　Calternative　Dimperative　
51.　Some　educators　try　to　put　students　of　similar　abilities　into　the　same　class　because　they　believe　this　kind　of　____　grouping　is　advisable.　
Ahomogeneous　Binstantaneous　Cspontaneous　Danonymous　
52.　Even　sensible　men　do　____　things　sometimes.　
Aabrupt　Babsurd　Cacute　Dapt　
53.　The　commission　would　find　itself　____　at　every　turn　if　its　members　couldn't　reach　an　agreement.　
Acollided　Bsavaged　Ccrumbled　Dhampered　
54.　Grain　production　in　the　world　is　_____　but　still　millions　go　hungry.　
Astaggering　Bshrinking　Csoaring　Dsuspending　
55.　He　developed　a　____　attitude　after　years　of　frustration　in　his　career.　
Asneaking　Bdisgusted　Cdrastic　Dcynical　
56.　They　believed　that　this　was　not　the　____　of　their　campaign　for　equality　but　merely　the　beginning.　
Aclimax　　Bsummit　Cpitch　Dmaximum　
57.　Several　guests　were　waiting　in　the　____　for　the　front　door　to　open.　
Aporch　Bvent　Cinlet　Dentry　
58.　As　the　mountains　were　covered　with　a　_____　of　cloud　we　couldn't　see　their　tops.　
Acoating　Bfilm　Cveil　Dshade　
59.　We　couldn't　really　afford　to　buy　a　house　so　we　got　it　on　hire　purchase　and　paid　mothly　____.　
Ainvestments　Brequirements　Carrangements　Dinstallments　
60.　The　magician　made　us　think　he　cut　the　girl　into　pieces　but　it　was　merely　an　_____.　
Aillusion　Bimpression　Cimage　Dillumination　
61.　A　good　education　is　an　____　you　can　fall　back　on　for　the　rest　of　your　life.　
Aasset　Bethic　Cinventory　Dobligation　
62.　Giving　a　gift　can　convey　a　wealth　of　meaning　about　your　appreciation　of　their　____　and　the　importance　you　place　upon　the　relationship.　
Asolidarity　Bpriority　Csuperiority　Dhospitality　
63.　The　designer　has　applied　for　a　____　for　his　new　invention.　
Atariff　Bdiscount　Cversion　Dpatent　
64.　The　toy　maker　produces　a　____　copy　of　the　space　station　exact　in　every　detail.　
Aminimal　Bminimum　Cminiature　Dminor　
65.　An　energy　tax　would　curb　ordinary　air　pollution　limit　oil　imports　and　cut　the　budget　____.　
Adisposition　Bdiscrepancy　Cdefect　Ddeficit　
66.　They　have　decided　to　____　physical　punishment　in　all　local　schools.　
Aput　away　Bbreak　away　from　Cdo　away　with　Dpass　away　
67.　Astronauts　are　____　all　kinds　of　tests　before　they　are　actually　sent　up　in　a　spacecraft.　
Ainclined　to　Bsubjected　to　Cprone　to　Dbound　to　
68.　Individual　sports　are　run　by　over　370　independent　governing　bodies　whose　functions　usually　include　____rules　holding　events　selecting　national　teams　and　promoting　international　links.　
Adrawing　on　Bdrawing　in　Cdrawing　up　Ddrawing　down　
69.　Up　until　that　time　his　interest　had　focused　almost　____　on　fully　mastering　the　skills　and　techniques　of　his　craft.　
Arestrictively　Bradically　Cinclusively　Dexclusively　
70.　All　the　ceremonies　at　the　2000　Olympic　Games　had　a　unique　Australian　flavor　____　of　their　multicultural　communities.　
Anoticeable　Bindicative　Cconspicuous　Dimplicit　

试卷二　　　　
Part　Ⅳ　　　　
DirectionsThis　part　consists　of　a　short　passage.　In　this　passage　there　are　altogether　10　mistakes　one　in　each　numbered　line.　You　may　have　to　change　a　word　add　a　word　or　delete　a　word.　Mark　out　the　mistakes　and　put　the　corrections　in　the　blanks　provided.　If　you　change　a　word　cross　it　out　and　write　the　correct　word　in　the　corresponding　blank.　If　you　add　a　word　put　an　insertion　mark　∧in　the　right　place　and　write　the　missing　word　in　the　blank.　If　you　delete　a　word　cross　it　out　and　put　a　slash　/in　the　blank.　　　　
Example　　Television　is　rapidly　becoming　the　literature　of　our　periods.　1.time　/times　/　period　　　Many　of　the　arguments　having　use　for　the　study　of　literature　as　a　2.　/　　　school　subject　are　valid　for　∧study　of　television.　3.　the　　　A　great　many　cities　are　experiencing　difficulties　which　　　are　nothing　new　in　the　history　of　cities　　except　in　their　scale.　
　　Some　cities　have　lost　their　original　purpose　and　have　not　found　　　new　one.And　any　large　or　rich　city　is　going　to　attract　poor　S1____　　　immigrants　who　flood　in　filling　with　hopes　of　prosperity　S2____　　　which　are　then　often　disappointing.There　are　backward　towns　　　on　the　edge　of　Bombay　or　Brasilia　just　as　though　there　were　S3____　　　on　the　edge　of　seventeenth-century　London　or　early　nineteenth-　　　century　Paris.　This　is　new　is　the　scale.　Descriptions　S4____　　　written　by　eighteenth-century　travelers　of　the　poor　of　Mexico　　　City　and　the　enormous　contrasts　that　was　to　be　found　there　S5____　　　are　very　dissimilar　to　descriptions　of　Mexico　City　today--the　　　　　　　S6____　　　poor　can　still　be　numbered　in　millions.　　　The　whole　monstrous　growth　rests　on　economic　prosperity　　　but　behind　it　lies　two　mythsthe　myth　of　the　city　as　a　　　　　S7____　　　promised　land　that　attracts　immigrants　from　rural　poverty　　　　　　S8____　　　and　brings　it　flooding　into　city　centers　　and　the　myth　of　the　　　　　　S9____　　　country　as　a　Garden　of　Eden　which　a　few　generations　late　　　　　S10____　　　sends　them　flooding　out　again　to　the　suburbs.　

Part　V　Writing　　　　
Directions　For　this　part　you　are　allowed　thirty　minutes　to　write　a　composition　on　the　topic　Student　Use　of　Computers.　You　should　write　at　least　150　words　and　base　your　composition　on　the　chart　and　the　outline　given　below　　　
1.下图所示为1990年、1995年、2000年某校大学生使用计算机的情况，请描述其变化；　　　
2.请说明发生这些变化的原因可从计算机的用途、价格、或社会发展等发面加以说明；　　　
3.你认为目前大学生在计算机使用中有什么困难或问题。　　Student　use　of　computers　


－－－－－－－－－
　　Part　I　Listening　Comprehension　
Section　A　
1～10　A　D　B　D　B　A　B　D　C　B　
Section　B　
11～20　C　A　B　C　B　C　D　D　C　B　
Part　II　Reading　Comprehension　
21～30　A　D　C　C　B　C　A　D　B　A　
31～40　B　A　D　A　C　B　A　D　C　D　
Part　Ⅲ　Vocabulary　
41～50　B　B　A　C　D　C　A　B　A　D　
51～60　A　B　D　C　D　A　A　C　D　A　
61～70　A　D　D　C　D　C　B　C　D　B　
Part　IV　Error　Correction　
S1.　∧a　
S2.　filling　--　filled　
S3.　删除though　
S4.　This　--　What　
S5.　was　--　where　
S6.　dissimilar　--　similar　or　close　
S7.　lies　--　lie　
S8.　that　--　which　
S9.　it　--　them　
S10.　late　--　later