2002年6月大学英语四级考试试题

试卷一PartⅠListening Comprehension 20 minutes

Section A　DirectionsIn this sectionyou will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversationa question will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pauseyou must read the four choices marked ABCand Dand decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

ExampleYou will hear

You will readAAt the office. BIn the waiting room.CAt the airport. DIn a restaurant.From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This is most likely to have taken place at the office. ThereforeA“At the office”is the best answer. You should chooseAon the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.Sample AnswerABCD

1. AHis father. BHis mother. CHis brother. DHis sister.

2. AA job opportunity. BA position as general manager. CA big travel agency. DAn inexperienced salesman.

3. AHaving a break. BContinuing the meeting. CMoving on to the next item. DWaiting a little longer.

 4. AThe weather forecast says it will be fine.

BThe weather doesn't count in their plan.

CThey will not do as planned in case of rain.

DThey will postpone their program if it rains.

5. AHe wishes to have more courses like it.

BHe finds it hard to follow the teacher.

CHe wishes the teacher would talk more.

DHe doesn't like the teacher's accent.

6. AGo on with the game. CReview his lessons. BDraw pictures on the computer.

DHave a good rest.

7. AShe does not agree with Jack.

BJack’s performance is disappointing.

CMost people will find basketball boring.

DShe shares Jack's opinion.

8. AThe man went to a wrong check-in counter.

BThe man has just missed his flight.

CThe plane will leave at 914.

DThe plane's departure time remains unknown.

 9. AAt a newsstand.

BAt a car dealer's.

CAt a publishing house.

DAt a newspaper office.

10. AHe wants to get a new position.

BHe is asking the woman for help.

CHe has left the woman a good impression.

DHe enjoys letter writing.

Section BDirectionsIn this sectionyou will hear 3 short passage. At the end of each passageyou will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a questionyou must choose the best answer from the four choices marked ABCand D. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.Passage OneQuestions 11 to 13 are based on the passage you have just heard.

11. AThey are interested in other kinds of reading.

BThey are active in voluntary services.

CThey tend to be low in education and in income.

DThey live in isolated areas.

12. AThe reasons why people don't read newspapers are more complicated than assumed.

BThere are more uneducated people among the wealthy than originally expected.

CThe number of newspaper readers is steadily increasing.

DThere are more nonreaders among young people nowadays.

13. ALowering the prices of their newspapers.

BShortening their news stories.

CAdding variety to their newspaper content.

DIncluding more advertisements in their newspapers.

Passage TwoQuestions 14 to 17 are based on the passage you have just heard.

14. AA basket.　CAn egg.　BA cup.DAn oven.

15. ATo let in the sunshine.CTo keep the nest cool.BTo serve as its door. DFor the bird to lay eggs.

16. ABranches.　CMud.BGrasses.DStraw.

17. ASome are built underground. CMost are sewed with grasses.BSome can be eaten. DMost are dried by the sun.　Passage ThreeQuestions

18 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.

18. ATo examine the chemical elements in the Ice Age.

BTo look into the pattern of solar wind activity.

CTo analyze the composition of different trees.

DTo find out the origin of carbon-14 on Earth.

19. AThe lifecycle of trees.

BThe number of trees.

CThe intensity of solar burning.

DThe quality of air.

20. AIt affects the growth of trees.

BIt has been increasing since the Ice Age.

CIt is determined by the chemicals in the air.

DIt follows a certain cycle.

PartⅡReading Comprehension 35 minutesDirectionsThere are 4 passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked ABCand D. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.Passage One　Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage

In the 1960smedical researchers Thomas Holmes and Richard Rahe developed a checklist of stressful events. They appreciated the tricky point that any major change can be stressful. Negative events like“serious illness of a family member”were high on the listbut so were some positive life-changing eventslike marriage. When you take the Holmes-Rahe test you must remember that the score does not reflect how you deal with stress―it only shows how much you have to deal with. And we now know that the way you handle these events dramatically affects your chances of staying healthy.

By the early 1970shundreds of similar studies had followed Holmes and Rahe. And millions of Americans who work and live under stress worried over the reports. Somehowthe research got boiled down to a memorable message. Women’s magazines ran headlines like“Stress causes illness”If you want to stay physically and mentally healthythe articles saidavoid stressful events.

But such simplistic advice is impossible to follow. Even if stressful events are dangerousmany―like the death of a loved one―are impossible to avoid. Moreoverany warning to avoid all stressful events is a prescription (处方) for staying away from opportunities as well as trouble. Since any change can be stressfula person who wanted to be completely free of stress would never marryhave a childtake a new job or move.

The notion that all stress makes you sick also ignores a lot of what we know about people. It assumes we’re all vulnerable (脆弱的) and passive in the face of adversity (逆境). But what about human initiative and creativitytMany come through periods of stress with more physical and mental vigor than they had before. We also know that a long time without change or challenge can lead to boredomand physical and mental strain.

21. The result of Holmes-Rahe's medical research tells us ____ .Athe way you handle major events may cause stressBwhat should be done to avoid stressCwhat kind of event would cause stressDhow to cope with sudden changes in life

22. The studies on stress in the early 1970’s led to ____ .Awidespread concern over its harmful effectsBgreat panic over the mental disorder it could causeCan intensive research into stress-related illnessesDpopular avoidance of stressful jobs

23. The score of the Holmes-Rahe test shows ____ .Ahow much pressure you are underBhow positive events can change you lifeChow stressful a major event can beDhow you can deal with life-changing events

24. Why is“such simplistic advice”Line 1Para.3impossible to followtANo one can stay on the same job for longBNo prescription is effective in relieving stressCPeople have to get married somedayDYou could be missing opportunities as well

25. According to the passage people who have experienced ups and downs may become ____ .Anervous when faced with difficultiesBphysically and mentally strainedCmore capable of coping with adversityDindifferent toward what happens to them

Passage TwoQuestions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage 

Most episodes of absent-mindedness―forgetting where you left something or wondering why you just entered a room-are caused by a simple lack of attentionsays Schacter.“You’re supposed to remember somethingbut you haven’t encoded it deeply.”EncodingSchacter explainsis a special way of paying attention to an event that has a major impact on recalling it later. Failure to encode properly can create annoying situations. If you put your mobile phone in a pocketfor exampleand don’t pay attention to what you did because you’re involved in a conversationyou’ll probably forget that the phone is in the jacket now hanging in your wardrobe (衣柜).“Your memory itself isn’t failing you”says Schacter.“Ratheryou didn’t give your memory system the information it needed.”

Lack of interest can also lead to absent-mindedness.“A man who can recite sports statistics from 30 years ago”says Zelinski“may not remember to drop a letter in the mailbox.”Women have slightly better memories than menpossibly because they pay more attention to their environmentand memory relies on just that.Visual cues can help prevent absent-mindednesssays Schacter.“But be sure the cue is clear and available”he cautions. If you want to remember to take a medication (药物) with lunchput the pill bottle on the kitchen table―don’t leave it in the medicine chest and write yourself a note that you keep in a pocket.Another common episode of absent-mindednesswalking into a room and wondering why you’re there. Most likelyyou were thinking about something else.“Everyone does this from time to time”says Zelinski. The best thing to do is to return to where you were before entering the roomand you’ll likely remember.

26. Why does the author think that encoding properly is very importanttAIt helps us understand our memory system betterBIt enables us to recall something from our memoryCIt expands our memory capacity considerablyDIt slows down the process of losing our memory

27. One possible reason why women have better memories than men is that ____ .Athey have a wider range of interestsBthey are more reliant on the environmentCthey have an unusual power of focusing their attentionDthey are more interested in what's happening around them

28. A note in the pocket can hardly serve as a reminder because ____ .Ait will easily get lostBit's not clear enough for you to readCit's out of your sightDit might get mixed up with other things

29. What do we learn from the last paragraphtAIf we focus our attention on one thingwe might forget another.BMemory depends to a certain extent on the environment.CRepetition helps improve our memory.DIf we keep forgetting thingswe'd better return to where we were.

30. What is the passage mainly abouttAThe process of gradual memory loss.BThe causes of absent-mindedness.CThe impact of the environment on memory.DA way of encoding and recalling.

Passage ThreeQuestions 31 to 35 are based on the following passage 

It is hard to track the blue whalethe ocean’s largest creaturewhich has almost been killed off by commercial whaling and is now listed as an endangered species. Attaching radio devices to it is difficultand visual sightings are too unreliable to give real insight into its behavior.

So biologists were delighted early this year when with the help of the Navy they were able to track a particular blue whale for 43 days monitoring its sounds. This was possible because of the Navy’s formerly top-secret system of underwater listening devices spanning the oceans.

Tracking whales is but one example of an exciting new world just opening to civilian scientists after the cold war as the Navy starts to share and partly uncover its global network of underwater listening system built over the decades to track the ships of potential enemies.

Earth scientists announced at a news conference recently that they had used the system for closely monitoring a deep-sea volcanic eruption (爆发) for the first time and that they plan similar studies. Other scientists have proposed to use the network for tracking ocean currents and measuring changes in ocean and global temperatures.The speed of sound in water is roughly one mile a second-slower than through land but faster than through air. What is most importantdifferent layers of ocean water can act as channels for soundsfocusing them in the same way a stethoscope (听诊器) does when it carries faint noises from a patient’s chest to a doctor’s ear. This focusing is the main reason that even relatively weak sounds in the oceanespecially low-frequency onescan often travel thousands of miles.

31. The passage is chiefly about ____ .Aan effort to protect an endangered marine species.Bthe civilian use of a military detection system.Cthe exposure of a U.S. Navy top-secret weapon.Da new way to look into the behavior of blue whales.

32. The underwater listening system was originally designed ____ .Ato trace and locate enemy vesselsBto monitor deep-sea volcanic eruptionsCto study the movement of ocean currentsDto replace the global radio communications network

33. The deep-sea listening system makes use of ____ .Athe sophisticated technology of focusing sounds under waterBthe capability of sound to travel at high speedCthe unique property of layers of ocean water in transmitting soundDlow-frequency sounds travelling across different layers of water

34. It can be inferred from the passage that____.Anew radio devices should be developed for tracking the endangered blue whalesBblue whales are no longer endangered with the use of the new listening systemCopinions differ as to whether civilian scientists should be allowed to use military technologyDmilitary technology has great potential in civilian use

35. Which of the following is true about the U.S. Navy underwater listening networktAIt is now partly accessible to civilian scientists.BIt has been replaced by a more advanced system.CIt became useless to the military after the cold war.DIt is indispensable in protecting endangered species.

Passage FourQuestions 36 to 40 are based on the following passage 

The fitness movement that began in the late 1960s and early 1970s centered around aerobic exercise (有氧操). Millions of individuals became engaged in a variety of aerobic activitiesand literally thousands of health spas developed around the country to capitalize (获利) on this emerging interest in fitnessparticularly aerobic dancing for females. A number of fitness spas existed prior to this aerobic fitness movementeven a national chain with spas in most major cities. Howevertheir focus was not on aerobicsbut rather on weight-training programs designed to develop muscular massstrengthand endurance in their primarily male enthusiasts. These fitness spas did not seem to benefit financially from the aerobic fitness movement to better healthsince medical opinion suggested that weight-training programs offered fewif anyhealth benefits. In recent yearshoweverweight training has again become increasingly popular for males and for females. Many current programs focus not only on developing muscular strength and endurance but on aerobic fitness as well.

Historicallymost physical-fitness tests have usually included measures of muscular strength and endurancenot for health-related reasonsbut primarily because such fitness components have been related to performance in athletics. Howeverin recent yearsevidence has shown that training programs designed primarily to improve muscular strength and endurance might also offer some health benefits as well. The American College of Sports Medicine now recommends that weight training be part of a total fitness program for healthy Americans. Increased participation in such training is one of the specific physical activity and fitness objectives of Healthy People 2000National Health Promotion and Disease Prevention Objectives.

36. The word“spas”Line 3Para.1most probably refers to ____.Asports activities Crecreation centersBplaces for physical exercise Dathletic training programs.

37. Early fitness spas were intended mainly for ____.Athe promotion of aerobic exerciseBendurance and muscular developmentCthe improvement of women's figuresDbetter performance in aerobic dancing

38. What was the attitude of doctors towards weight training in health improvementtAPositive. CNegative.BIndifferent. DCautious.

39. People were given physical fitness tests in order to find out ____ .Ahow well they could do in athleticsBwhat their health condition was likeCwhat kind of fitness center was suitable for themDwhether they were fit for aerobic exercise

40. Recent studies have suggested that weight training ____ .Ahas become an essential part of people’s life.Bmay well affect the health of the trainees.Cwill attract more people in the days to come.Dcontributes to health improvement as well.

PartⅢVocabulary and Structure 20 minutesDirectionsThere are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For each sentence there are four choices marked ABCand D. Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.

41. You would be ____ a risk to let your child go to school by himself.Aomitting Battaching Caffording Drunning

42. He is always hereIt's ____ you've never met him.Aunique Bstrange Crare Dpeculiar

43. There has been a great increase in retail sales____tAdoes there Bisn't there Chasn't there Disn't it

44. We'd like to ____ a table for five for dinner this evening.Apreserve Breserve Cretain Dsustain

45. Although a teenagerFred could resist ____ what to do and what not to do.Abeing told Btelling Cto be told Dto tell
46. The European Union countries were once worried that they would not have ____ supplies of petroleum.Aproficient Befficient Cpotential Dsufficient

47. In factPeter would rather have left for San Francisco than ____ in New York..Ato stay Bstayed Cstaying Dhaving stayed
48. He soon received promotionfor his superiors realized that he was a man of considerable ____.Aability Bfuture Cpossibility Dopportunity

49. Britain has the highest ____ of road traffic in the world―over 60 cars for every mile of road.Apopularity Bdensity Cintensity Dprosperity

50. How is it ____ your roommate's request and yours are identicaltAin all Bat best Cfor all Dby far

51. In my opinionhe's ____ the most imaginative of all the contemporary poets.Ain all Bat best Cfor all Dby far

52. He didn't have time to read the report word for wordhe just ____ it.Askimmed Bobserved Coverlooked Dglanced

53. The leader of the expedition ____ everyone to follow his example.Apromoted Breinforced Csparked Dinspired

54. What a lovely partyIt's worth ____ all my life.Aremembering Bto remember Cto be remembered Dbeing remembered

55. Who would you rather ____ with youGeorge or metAgoing Bto go Chave gone Dwent

56. The ____ goal of the book is to help bridge the gap between research and teachingparticularly betweenresearchers and teachers.Aintensive Bconcise Cjoint Doverall

57. The owner and editor of the newspaper ____ the conference.Awere attending Bwere to attend Cis to attend Dare to attend
58. We left the meetingthere obviously ____ no point in staying.Awere Bbeing Cto be Dhaving

59. Their products are frequently overpriced and ____ in quality.Ainfluential Binferior Csuperior Dsubordinate

60. The neighborhood boys like to play basketball on that ____ lot.Avalid Bvain Cvacant Dvague

61. These people once had fame and fortunenow ____ is left to them is utter poverty.Aall that Ball what Call which Dthat all

62. To our ____Geoffrey's illness proved not to be as serious as we had feared.Aanxiety Brelief Cview Djudgment

63. Many people like white color as it is a ____ of purity.Asymbol Bsign Csignal Dsymptom

64. The residents____ had been damaged by the firewere given help by the Red Cross.Aall of their homes Ball their homes Cwhose all homes Dall of whose homes

65. This research has attracted wide ____ coverage and has featured on BBC television's Tomorrow's World.Amessage Binformation Cmedia Ddata

66. I would never have ____ a court of law if I hadn't been so desperate.Asought for Baccounted for Cturned up Dresorted to

67. Investigators agreed that passengers on the airliner ____ at the very moment of the crash.Ashould have died Bmust be dying Cmust have died Dought to die

68. The energy ____ by the chain reaction is transformed into heat.Atransferred Breleased Cdelivered Dconveyed

69. ____ their work will give us a much better feel for the wide differences between the two schools ofthought.ATo have reviewed BHaving reviewed CReviewing DBeing reviewed

70. During the processgreat care has to be taken to protect the ____ silk from damage.Asensitive Btender Cdelicate Dsensible

试卷二PartⅣShort Answer Questions 15 minutesDirectionsIn this part there is a short passage with five questions or incomplete statements. Read the passage carefully. Then answer the questions or complete the statements in the fewest possible words not exceeding 10 words.

As researchers learn more about how children’s intelligence developsthey are increasingly surprised by the power of parents. The power of the school has been replaced by the home. To begin withall the factors which are part of intelligence―the child’s understanding of language learning patterns curiosity―are established well before the child enters school at the age of six. Study after study has shown that even after school beginschildren’s achievements have been far more influenced by parents than by teachers. This is particularly true about learning that is language-related. The school rather than the home is given credit for variations in achievement in subjects such as science.

In view of their power it’s sad to see so many parents not making the most of their child’s intelligence. Until recently parents had been warned by educators who asked them not to educate their children. Many teachers now realize that children cannot be educated only at school and parents are being asked to contribute both before and after the child enters school.

Parents have been particularly afraid to teach reading at home. Of course children shouldn’t be pushed to read by their parents but educators have discovered that reading is best taught individually―and the easiest place to do this is at home. Many four and five-year-old who have been shown a few letters and taught their sounds will compose single words of their own with them even before they have been taught to read.Questions(注意：答题尽量简短，超过10个词要扣分。每条横线限写一个英语单词，标点符号不占格。)S1. What have researchers found out about the influence of parents and the school on children’s intelligencetS2. What do researchers conclude about children’s learning patternstS3. In which area may school play a more important roletS4. Why did many parents fail to make the most of their children’s intelligencetS5. The author suggests in the last paragraph that parents should be encouraged to PartⅤWriting 30 minutes DirectionsFor this part you are allowed thirty minutes to write a composition on the topic Student Use of Computers. You should write at least 120 wordsand base your composition on the chart and the outline given below

 1、上图所示为1990年、1995年、2002年某校大学生事业计算机的情况，请描述其变化；

2、请说明发生这些变化的原因(可从计算机的用途、价格或社会发展等方面加以说明)；

3、你认为目前大学生在计算机使用中有什么困难或问题。(图略，报歉）