2002年六级英语考试最新模拟试题（一）
Directions：
Part One Listening Comprehension (20 minutes)(略) Part Two Reading Comprehension (35 minutes)
Directions: There are 4 reading passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C） and D）. You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the center.
Passage 1

Good sense is the most equitably distributed thing in the world, for each man considers himself so well provided with it that even those who are most difficult to satisfy in everything else do not usually wish to have more of it than the y have already. It is not likely that everyone is mistaken in this; it shows, rather, that the ability to judge rightly and separate the true from the false, which is essentially what is called good sense or reason, is by nature equal in all men, and thus that our opinions differ not because some men are better endowed with reason than others, but only because we direct our thoughts along different paths, and do not consider the same things, for it is not enough to have a good mind: what is most important is to apply it rightly. The greatest souls are cap able of the greatest vices; and those who walk very slowly can advance much further, if they always keep to the direct road, than those who run and go astray.
For my part, I have never presumed my mind to be more perfect than average in an y way; I have, in fact, often wished that my thoughts were as quick, or my imagination as precise and distinct, or my memory as capacious or prompt, as those of some other men. And I know of no other qualities than these which make for the perfection of the mind; for as to reason, or good sense, in as much as it alone makes us men and distinguishes us from the beasts, I am quite willing to believe that it is whole and entire in each of us, and to follow in the common opinion of the philosophers who say that there are differences of more or less only among the accidents, and not among the forms, or natures, of the individuals of a single species.


21. According to the author, the three elements that comprise our mind are_____.
A tenacity of thought, capacious memory, quickness of mind
B precise of wit, ease of conscience, quickness of thought
C quickness of wit, ease of conscience, quickness of thought
D promptness of memory, distinctness of imagination, quickness of thought

22. The basic idea of the first paragraph may be stated as follows .
A all persons have an equal portion of good will when they are born
B great souls are capable of great evil
C good sense, in terms of its distribution among persons, may be called co mmon sense
D good sense is the mark of the truly good person

23. About himself, the author states that ______.
A he had always sensed his mental superiority over most persons
B his awareness of his mental superiority over others was something that g rew slowly with experience
C he actually regards his own mental faculties as inferior in many ways to those of the great majority of persons
D he has never had the feeling that his mind was more than average in any way

24. The author claims that what sets human beings apart from beasts is_____.
A a sense of organization combined with the ability to create
B the ability to adapt to the surroundings
C a sense of reason coupled with a strong sense of practicality
D a sense of reason

25. According to the author the ability to distinguish between the true and the false is
_____.
A endowed by nature to all creatures
B endowed in equal measure to all persons
C more heavily present in some persons than in others
D an unnatural, cultivated trait in all persons
Passage 2

Prices determine how resources are to be used. They are also the means by which products and services that are in limited supply are rationed among buyers. The price system of the United States is a very complex network composed of the prices of all the products bought and sold in the economy as well as those of a myriad of services, including labor, professional transportation, and public utility services.
The interrelationships of all these prices make up the "system"of prices. The price of any particular product or service is linked to a broad, complicated system of prices in which everything seems to depend more or less upon everything else.
If one were to ask a group of randomly selected individuals to define "price," many would reply that price is an amount of money paid by the buyer to the seller of a product of service or, in other words, that price is the money value of a product of service as agreed upon in a market transaction. This definition is, of course, valid as far as it goes. For a complete understanding of a price in any particular transaction, much more than the amount of money involved must be known. Both the buyer and the seller should be familiar with not only the money amount, but with the amount and quality of the product or service to be exchange d, the time and place at which the exchange will take place and payment will be made, the form of money to be used, the credit terms and discounts that supply t o the transaction, guarantees on the product or service, delivery terms, return privileges, and other factors. In other words, both buyer and seller should be fully aware of all the factors that comprise the total "package" being exchanged for the asked-for amount of money in order that they may evaluate a given price.

26. What is the best title for the passage?
A The Inherent Weaknesses of the Price System.
B The Complexities of the Price System.
C Credit Terms in Transactions.
D Resource Allocation and the Public Sector.

27. According to the passage, the price system is related primarily to_____.
A labor and education
B transportation and insurance
C utilities and repairs
D products and services

28. According to the passage, which of the following is NOT a factor in the complete
understanding of price?
A Instructions that come with a product.
B The quantity of a product.
C The quality of a product.
D Warrenties that cover a product.

29. In the last sentence of the passage, "they"refers to_____ .
A return privileges
B all the factors
C buyer and seller
D money

30. The paragraph following the passage most likely discusses_____ .
A unusual ways to advertise products
B types of payment plans for service
C theories about how products affect different levels of society
D how certain elements of a price " package" influence its market  value Passage 3

In the past oysters were raised in much the same way as dirt farmers raised tomatoes-by transplanting them. First, farmers selected the oyster bed, cleared the bottom of old shells and other debris , and then scattered clean shells about. Next they "planted" fertilized oyster eggs, which within two or three weeks hatched into larvae. The larvae drifted until they attached themselves to the clean shells on the bottom. There they remained and in time grew into baby oysters called seed or spat . The spat grew larger by drawing in seawater from which they derived microscopic particles of food. Before long, farmers gathered the baby oysters, transplanted them in other waters to speed up their growth, and then transplanted them once more into another body of water to fatten t hem up.
Until recently the supply of wild oysters and those crudely farmed were more than enough to satisfy people's needs. But today the delectable seafood is no longer available in abundance. The problem has become so serious that some oyster bed s have vanished entirely.
Fortunately, as far back as the early 1900's marine biologists realized that if new measures were not taken, oysters would become extinct or at best a luxury food. So they set up well equipped hatcheries and went to work. But they did not have the proper equipment or the skill to handle the eggs. They did not know when, what, and how to feed the larvae. And they knew little about the predators t hat attacked and ate baby oysters by the millions. They failed, but they doggedly kept at it. Finally, in the 1940's a significant breakthrough was made.
The marine biologists discovered that by raising the temperature of the water, t hey could induce oysters to spawn not only in the summer but also in the fall, winter, and spring. Later they developed a technique for feeding the larva e and rearing them to spat. Going still further, they succeeded in breeding new s trains that were resistant to diseases, grew faster and larger, and flourished in water of different salinities and temperatures. In addition, the cultivated oysters tasted better!

31. Which of the following would be the best title for the passage?
A The Threatened Extinction of Marine Life
B The Cultivation of Oysters
C The Discoveries Made by Marine Biologists
D The Varieties of Wild Oysters

32. In the passage, which of the following is NOT mentioned as a stage of a n oyster's life?
A Debris
B Egg
C Larvae
D Spat

33. According to the passage, which of the following words best describes t he efforts of the marine biologists working with oysters?
A Persistent.
B Intermittent.
C Traditional.
D Fruitless.

34. In the passage, the author mentions that the new strains of oyster are______ .
A cheaper
B shaped differently
C better textured
D healthier

35. Which of the following best describes the organization of the passage?
A Step by step description of the evolution of marine biology.
B Discussion of chronological events concerning oyster production.
C Random presentation of facts about oysters.
D Description of oyster production at different geographic locations.

Passage 4

Chemistry did not emerge as a science until after the scientific revolution in t he seventeenth century and then only rather slowly and laboriously. But chemical knowledge is as old as history, being almost entirely concerned with the practical arts of living. Cooking is essentially a chemical process; so is the melting of metals and the administration of drugs and potions. This basic chemical know ledge, which was applied in most cases as a rule of thumb, was nevertheless dependent on previous experiment. It also served to stimulate a fundamental curiosity about the processes themselves. New information was always being gained as artisans improved techniques to gain better results.
The development of a scientific approach to chemistry was, however, hampered by several factors. The most serious problem was the vast range of material available and the consequent difficulty of organizing it into some system. In addition, there were social and intellectual difficulties, chemistry is nothing if not practical; those who practice it must use their hands, they must have a certain practical flair. Yet in many ancient civilizations, practical tasks were primarily the province of a slave population. The thinker or philosopher stood apart from this mundane world, where the practical arts appeared to lack any intellectual content or interest.
The final problem for early chemical science was the element of secrecy. Experts in specific trades had developed their own techniques and guarded their knowledge to prevent others from stealing their livelihood. Another factor that contributed to secrecy was the esoteric nature of the knowledge of alchemists, who were trying to transform base metals into gold or were concerned with the hunt for t he elixir that would bestow the blessing of eternal life. In one sense, the second of these was the more serious impediment because the records of the chemical processes that early alchemists had discovered were often written down in symbolic language intelligible to very few or in symbols that were purposely obscure.

36. What is the passage mainly about?
A The scientific revolution in the seventeenth century
B Reasons that chemistry developed slowly as a science
C The practical aspects of chemistry
D Difficulties of organizing knowledge systematically

37. According to the passage, how did knowledge about chemical processes in crease before the seventeenth century?
A Philosophers devised theories about chemical properties.
B A special symbolic language was developed.
C Experience led workers to revise their techniques.
D Experts shared their discoveries with the public.

38. The word "hampered" in Line 1 Para 2 is closest in meaning to_____ .
A recognized
B determined
C solved
D hindered

39. The word "it" in Line 3 Para 2 refers to which of the following?
A problem
B material
C difficulty
D system

40. Which of the following statements best explains why "the second of the se was the more serious impediment" (Lines 5-6 Para 3 )?
A Chemical knowledge was limited to a small number of people.
B The symbolic language used was very imprecise.
C Very few new discoveries were made by alchemists.
D The records of the chemical processes were not based on experiments.

Part III Vocabulary (20 minutes)
Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For each sentence there are four choices marked A), B), C） and D）. Choose the ONE that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the center.

41. United States citizens are now enjoying better dental health, as shown by the declining _____of tooth decay.
A occurrence
B treatment
C consequence
D misfortune

42. Since any answer was likely to cause embarrassment to his party, the politician tried to _____the question.
A evade
B delude
C seclude
D invade

43. Prof Robert Durig's reputation has been greatly _____by the success of his new published book "Living in the Paradise".
A heightened
B enlarged
C multiplied
D enhanced

44. The chair was a moveable wonder, he loved the feeling of power and strength it gave him for so little_____ .
A efforts
B challenge
C exertion
D exchange

45. She was _____her brains to remember the man's time, but her bad mem ory failed her.
A hitting
B beating
C racking
D exhausting

46. He is trying to take out a _____for his newly designed airplane en gines.
A loan
B precaution
C patent
D propaganda

47. The people put up their right hands to _____that they agree with th e speaker.
A signify
B attain
C express
D undertake

48. Any electric products sold in this famous department store will be _____for one year.
A protected
B guaranteed
C ensured
D assured

49. Reading became difficult for the old lady, so the optician _____her a pair of glasses to make her reading possible.
A subscribed
B inscribed
C prescribed
D described

50. The family was too _____to evacuate the house when the flood began.
A obstinate
B sturdy
C determined
D optical

51. On this test-track, the makers deliberately _____standard producti on cars to rough treatment.
A undergo
B subdue
C subject
D treat

52. The applicants to American Universities will be judged without ______as to race, color,or breed.
A reference
B objection
C discrimination
D specialty

53. After the long illness my mother was too ______to climb the steps.
A fatal
B feeble
C humble
D relaxed

54. The child was on the _____of tears when his mother asked him what had happened to him.
A verge
B border
C margin
D rim

55. On the front page, he _____his book to his director, Mr. Johnson.
A dedicated
B presented
C devoted
D offered

56. If you keep on taking on more work than you can do, your health will ______.
A degrade
B degenerate
C exhaust
D deteriorate

57. What he is reading is a quarterly containing ____of doctoral theses in progress.
A abridgements
B outlines
C abstracts
D synopses

58. A firm which dismisses an employee on the grounds of redundancy is obliged to _____him
for loss of employment.
A compensate
B compact
C compel
D compliment

59. Robert and Tom are not on speaking terms now after a quarrel last week. What can we do to bring about a _____between them?
A reservation
B refreshment
C regiment
D reconciliation

60. The group of dancers had rehearsed the dance until their movements we re absolutely _____.
A simultaneous
B sensitive
C singular
D figurative

61. There is no electricity in my apartment again. Has the_____ blow then?
A fuse
B wire
C plug
D circuit

62. During the business intervals, customers appreciate the guesting room s which are full of pictures and other beautiful_____ .
A imitations
B illustrations
C ornaments
D implementations

63. His long and loyal service with the company was ______with a present from the president.
A admitted
B acknowledged
C accomplished
D accepted

64. The psychiatrists were debating if the accused man was _____enough to stand trial.
A. sensible
B. rational
C. reasonable
D. reciprocal

65. A good teacher must know how to his ideas to _____the students, as generally agreed by educational experts.
A display
B transmit
C convey
D illuminate

66. The _____of a cultural phenomenon is usually a logical consequence of some physical aspect in the life style of the people.
A implementation
B expedition
C demonstration
D manifestation

67. Despite their good service, most inns are less costly than hotels of _____standards.
A equivalent
B uniform
C exact
D alike

68. He has done stupid things before, but to look for the escaping gas wi th a match really was the _____silliness.
A triumphant
B unanimous
C trivial
D ultimate

69. It will be safer to walk the streets because people will not need to carry large amounts of cash, Virtually all financial____ will be conducted by computer.
A transmissions
B transitions
C transactions
D traffic kings

70. Many people emigrated to America because of being _____for their political or religious belief.
A prosecuted
B persecuted
C imprisoned
D executed

Part IV Cloze (15 minutes)
Directions: For each numbered blank in the following passage, there are four choices marked ［A］, ［B］, ［C］ and ［D］. Choose the best one an d mark your answer on the ANSWER SHEET by blackening the corresponding letter in the bracket s. (10 points)

Traditional marriage in Britain is currently in a disturbance. Not only is the divorce rate rising, 71 the rate at which people marry is falling. Living together is more popular than 72 before. The shape of the family is now no longer one man, one woman and their children. Instead, there are 73numbers of families which include step-parents, half sisters and brothers, or merely one lonely parent coping 74 her own.

Compared with other countries, Britain is still conservative in its marriage pat terns. In America, the divorce rate is 75 more shocking. Two ou t of five marriages 76 divorce. In Sweden living together is now more popular than marriage among couples in their early twenties and a similar 77 seems to be emerging in Denmark.

Although this is happening on a smaller 78 in Britain, it has not yet become such a marked trend. But 79 we do follow the American and Scandinavian patterns, the 80 will see many more couples living together before marriage-and even more divorce.

Interestingly enough, it is women 81men who get a divorce in the courts. Seven out of ten divorces are 82 to the wife. Divorce, of course, only reflects the 83 winding up of a marriage which may have 84 broken up long before. The partner who asks for divorce may not be the partner who 85 the marriage. Women usually have more to gain from the courts in the way of money, rights 86 the home, and child maintenance . 87 there is also a certain unequal proportion in one of the g rounds that the sexes choose for divorce. The grounds 88 unreasonable or cruel behavior are overwhelming, chosen by ten 89 more women t h an men. Does this mean that women will 90 less than they used to?

71.

［A］ and

［B］ but

［C］ however

［D］ yet

72.

［A］ ever

［B］ never

［C］ much

［D］ none

73.

[A] decreasing

［B］ growing

［C］ diminishing

［D］ enlarging

74.

［A］ with

［B］ on

［C］ through

［D］ by

75.

［A］ still

［B］ even

［C］ rather

［D］ ever

76.

［A］ end in

［B］ break in

［C］ separate in

0［D］ slip in

77.

［A］ figure

［B］ form

［C］ model

［D］ patter

78.

［A］ range

［B］ size

［C］ scale

［D］ number

79.

［A］ unless

［B］ if

［C］ when

［D］ while

80.

［A］ result

［B］ consequence

［C］ future

［D］ family

81.

［A］ other than

［B］ rather than

［C］ apart from

［D］ except for

82.

［A］ granted

［B］ judged

［C］ sentenced

［D］ given

83.

［A］ lawful

［B］ legal

［C］ justifiable

［D］ sociable

84.

［A］ efficiently

［B］ factually

［C］ effectively

［D］ indefinitely

85.

［A］ broke up

［B］ cause up

［C］ call up

［D］ burst up

86.

［A］ to

［B］ for

［C］ with

［D］ on

87.

［A］ While

［B］ Therefore

［C］ So

［D］ But

88.

［A］ on

［B］ that

［C］ of

［D］ which

89.

［A］ ratios

［B］ times

［C］ rates

［D］ volumes

90.

［A］ put up with

［B］ stand up with

［C］ come up with

［D］ take up with

Part V Writing (30 minutes)

Directions:
For this part you are allowed thirty minutes to write a composition on the topic :Cooperation and Competition. You should write at least 120 words and you should base your composition o n the outline (given in Chinese )below:
Cooperation and Competition
1．现代社会合作与竞争并存 2．有人认为竞争比合作更为重要 3．你的观点

答案：

21.D 22.C 23.D 24.D 25.B 26.B 27.D 28.A 29.C 30.D 31.B 32.A 33.A 34.D 35.B 36.B 37.C 38.D 39.B 40.A 41.A 42.A 43.D 44.C 45.C 46.C 47.A 48.B 49.C 50.A 51.C 52.C 53.B 54.E 55.A 56.D 57.C 58.A 59.D 60.A 61.A 62.B 63.B 64.A 65.C 66.D 67.A 68.D 69.C 70.B 71.B 72.A 73.B 74.D 75.B 76.A 77.D 78.C 79.B 80.C 81.B 82.A 83.B 84.C 85.A 86.A 87.D 88.C 89.C 90.A