2003年12月英语四级试卷与参考答案

Part I                              Listening Comprehension                       (20 minutes)
Section A
Directions:  In this section, you will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversation, a question will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked A), B), C) and D), and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
Example:   You will hear:
           You will read:
A) At the office.
B) In the waiting room.
C) At the airport.
D) In a restaurant.
          From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This conversation is most likely to have taken place at the office. Therefore, A) "At the office" is the best answer. You should choose [A] on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.
         Sample Answer [A] [B] [C] ID]

1.A) The man could buy a shirt of a different color.
B) The size of the shirt is all right for the man.
C) The size the man wants will arrive soon.
D) The man could come some time later.

2.A) The woman is watching an exciting film with the man.
B) The woman can’t take a photo of the man.
C) The woman is running toward the lake.
D) The woman is filming the lake.

3.A) It’s quiet in the restaurant.
B) The price is high in the restaurant.
C) The restaurant serves good food.
D) The restaurant is too far from their school.

4.A) At a booking office.
B) In a Hong Kong hotel.
C) On a busy street.
D) At an airport.

5.A) The woman has been complaining too much.
B) The woman’s headache will go away by itself.
C) The woman should have seen the doctor earlier.
D) The woman should confirm her appointment with the doctor.

6.A) Help the woman move the items.
B) Hurry to Mr.Johnson’s office.
C) Help move things to Mr.Johnson’s office.
D) Put off his appointment with Mr.Johnson.

7.A) The man should not dream of being a superstar.
B) The man didn’t practice hard enough.
C) The man should find a new partner.
D) The man should not give up.

8.A) There is no more left.
B) It doesn’t appeal to her.
C) It’s incredibly delicious.
D) She has already tasted it.

9.A) The man is usually the last to hand in his test paper.
B) The man has made a mess of his midterm exam.
C) The man has bad study habits.
D) The man is a diligent student.
10.A) The man will drive the woman to school.
B) The man has finished his assignment.
C) The man is willing to help the woman.
D) The man is losing patience with the woman.

Section B
Passage One 
Questions 11 to 13 are based on the passage you have just heard.

11.A) The art of saying thank you.
B) The secret of staying pretty.
C) The importance of good manners.
D) The difference between elegance and good manners.

12.A) They were nicer and gentler.
B) They paid more attention to their appearance.
C) They were willing to spend more money on clothes.
D) They were more aware of changes in fashion.

13.A) By decorating our homes.
B) By being kind and generous.
C) By wearing fashionable clothes.
D) By putting on a little make-up.

Passage Two 
Questions 14 to 16 are based on the passage you have just heard.

14.A) Children don’t get enough education in safety.
B) Children are keen on dangerous games.
C) The playgrounds are in poor condition.
D) The playgrounds are overcrowded.

15.A) They should help maintain the equipment.
B) They should keep a watchful eye on their children.
C) They should stop their children from climbing ladders.
D) They should teach their children how to use the equipment.

16.A) They tend to stay within shouting or running distance of their parents.
B) They should be aware of the porential risks in the playground.
C) They may panic in front of high playground equipment.
D) They can be creative when they feel secure.

Passage There
Questions 17 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.]

17.A) It takes skill.
B) It pays well.
C) It’s full-time job.
D) It’s admired worldwide.

18.A) A mother with a baby in her arms.
B) A woman whose bag is hanging in front.
C) A lone female with a handbag at her right side.
D) An old lady carrying a handbag on the left.

19.A) The back pocket of his tight trousers.
B) The top pocket of his jacket.
C) A side pocket of his jacket.
D) A side pocket of his trousers.

20.A) Theater lobbies with uniformed security guards.
B) Clothing stores where people are relaxed and off guard.
C) Airports where people carry a lot of luggage.
D) Hotels and restaurants in southeast London.

Part II       Reading Comprehension (35 minutes)
Directions: There are 4 passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre. 
Passage One 
Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage. 
    I'm usually fairly skeptical about any research that concludes that people are either happier or unhappier or more or less certain of themselves than they were 50 years ago. While any of these statements might be true, they are practically impossible to prove scientifically. Still, I was struck by a report which concluded that today's children are significantly more anxious than children in the 1950s. In fact, the analysis showed, normal children ages 9 to 17 exhibit a higher level of anxiety today than children who were treated for mental illness 50 years ago. 
    Why are America's kids so stressed? The report cites two main causes: increasing physical isolation -- brought on by high divorce rates and less involvement in community, among other things -- and a growing perception that the world is a more dangerous place. 
    Given that we can't turn the clock back, adults can still do plenty to help the next generation cope. 
    At the top of the list is nurturing ( 培育 ) a better appreciation of the limits of individualism. No child is an island. Strengthening social ties helps build communities and protect individuals against stress. 
    To help kids build stronger connections with others, you can pull the plug on TVs and computers. Your family will thank you later. They will have more time for face-to-face relationships, and they will get more sleep. 
    Limit the amount of virtual (虚拟的) violence your children are exposed to. It's not just video games and movies; children see a lot of murder and crime on the local news. 
    Keep your expectations for your children reasonable. Many highly successful people never attended Harvard or Yale. 
    Make exercise part of your daily routine. It will help you cope with your own anxieties and provide a good model for your kids. Sometimes anxiety is unavoidable. But it doesn't have to ruin your life. 
21. The author thinks that the conclusions of any research about people's state of mind are______. 
A) surprising   B) confusing      C) illogical        D) questionable 
22. What does the author mean when he says, "we can't turn the clock back" (Line 1, Para. 3)? 
A) It's impossible to slow down the pace of change. 
B) The social reality children are facing cannot be changed. 
C) Lessons learned from the past should not be forgotten. 
D) It's impossible to forget the past. 
23. According to an analysis, compared with normal children today, children treated as mentally ill 50 years ago____. 
A) were less isolated physically 
B) were probably less self-centered   
C) probably suffered less from anxiety 
D) were considered less individualistic 
24. The first and most important thing parents should do to help their children is ____. 
A) to provide them with a safer environment 
B) to lower their expectations for them 
C) to get them more involved socially 
D) to set a good model for them to follow 
25. What conclusion can be drawn from the passage? 
A) Anxiety, though unavoidable, can be coped with. 
B) Children's anxiety has been enormously exaggerated. 
C) Children's anxiety can be eliminated with more parental care. 
D) Anxiety, if properly controlled, may help children become mature. 

Passage Two 
Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage. 
    It is easier to negotiate initial salary requirement because once you are inside, the organizational constraints ( 约束 ) influence wage increases. One thing, however, is certain: your chances of getting the raise you feel you deserve are less if you don't at least ask for it. Men tend to ask for more, and they get more, and this holds true with other resources, not just pay increases. Consider Beth's story: 
    I did not get what I wanted when I did not ask for it. We had cubicle ( 小隔间 ) offices and window offices. I sat in the cubicles with several male colleagues. One by one they were moved into window offices, while I remained in the cubicles, several males who were hired after me also went to offices. One in particular told me he was next in line for an office and that it had been part of his negotiations for the job. I guess they thought me content to stay in the cubicles since I did not voice my opinion either way. 
    It would be nice if we all received automatic pay increases equal to our merit, but "nice" isn't a quality attributed to most organizations. If you feel you deserve a significant raise in pay, you'll probably have to ask for it. 
    Performance is your best bargaining chip ( 筹码 ) when you are seeking a raise. You must be able to demonstrate that you deserve a raise. Timing is also a good bargaining chip. If you can give your boss something he or she needs (a new client or a sizable contract, for example) just before merit pay decisions are being made, you are more likely to get the raise you want. 
    Use information as a bargaining chip too. Find out what you are worth on the open market. 
What will someone else pay for your services? 
    Go into the negotiations prepared to place your chips on the table at the appropriate time and prepared to use communication style to guide the direction of the interaction. 
26. According to the passage, before taking a job, a person should _____. 
A) demonstrate his capability   B) give his boss a good impression
C) ask for as much money as he can   D) ask for the salary he hopes to get 
27. What can be inferred from Beth's story? 
A) Prejudice against women still exists in some organizations. 
B) If people want what they deserve, they have to ask for it. 
C) People should not be content with what they have got. 
D) People should be careful when negotiating for a job. 
28. We can learn from the passage that ____. 
A) unfairness exists in salary increases 
B) most people are overworked and underpaid 
C) one should avoid overstating one's performance 
D) most organizations give their staff automatic pay raises 
29. To get a pay raise, a person should______. 
A) advertise himself on the job market 
B) persuade his boss to sign a long-term contract 
C) try to get inside information about the organization 
D) do something to impress his boss just before merit pay decisions 
30. To be successful in negotiations, one must_____. 
A) meet his boss at the appropriate time 
B) arrive at the negotiation table punctually 
C) be good at influencing the outcome of the interaction 
D) be familiar with what the boss likes and dislikes 
  
Passage Three 
Questions 31 to 35 are based on the following passage. 
    When families gather for Christmas dinner, some will stick to formal traditions dating back to Grandma's generation. Their tables will be set with the good dishes and silver, and the dress code will be Sunday-best. 
    But in many other homes, this china-and-silver elegance has given way to a stoneware ( 粗陶) -and-stainless informality, with dresses assuming an equally casual-Friday look. For hosts and guests, the change means greater simplicity and comfort. For makers of fine china in Britain, it 
spells economic hard times. 
     Last week Royal Doulton, the largest employer in Stoke-on-Trent, announced that it is eliminating 1,000jobs -- one-fifth of its total workforce. That brings to more than 4,000 the number of positions lost in 18 months in the pottery (陶瓷) region. Wedgwood and other pottery factories made cuts earlier. 
    Although a strong pound and weak markets in Asia play a role in the downsizing, the layoffs in Stoke have their roots in earthshaking social shifts. A spokesman for Royal Doulton admitted that the company "has been somewhat slow in catching up with the trend" toward casual dining. Families eat together less often, he explained, and more people eat alone, either because they are single or they eat in front of television; 
    Even dinner parties, if they happen at all, have gone casual. In a time of long work hours and demanding family schedules, busy hosts insist, rightly, that it's better to share a takeout pizza on paper plates in the family room than to wait for the perfect moment or a "real" dinner party. Too often, the perfect moment never comes. Iron a fine-patterned tablecloth? Forget it. Polish the silver? Who has time? 
    Yet the loss of formality has its down side. The fine points of etiquette ( 礼节 ) that children might once have learned at the table by observation or instruction from parents and grandparents ("Chew with your mouth closed." "Keep your elbows off the table.") must be picked up elsewhere. Some companies now offer etiquette seminars for employees who may be competent professionally but clueless socially. 
31. The trend toward casual dining has resulted in_____. 
A) bankruptcy of fine china manufacturers 
B) shrinking of the pottery industry 
C) restructuring of large enterprises 
D) economic recession in Great Britain 
32. Which of the following may be the best reason for casual dining? 
A) Family members need more time to relax. 
B) Busy schedules leave people no time for formality. 
C) People want to practice economy in times of scarcity. 
D) Young people won't follow the etiquette of the older generation. 
33. It can be learned from the passage that Royal Doulton is_____. 
A) a retailer of stainless steel tableware  B) a dealer in stoneware   
C) a pottery chain store D) a producer of fine china 
34. The main cause of the layoffs in the pottery industry is_____. 
A) the increased value of the pound 
B) the economic recession in Asia 
C) the change in people's way of life 
D) the fierce competition at home and abroad 
35. Refined table manners, though less popular than before in current social life_____. 
A) are still a must on certain occasions 
B) axe bound to return sooner or later 
C) are still being taught by parents at home 
D) can help improve personal relationships 
  
Passage Four 
Questions 36 to 40 are based on the following passage. 
    Some houses are designed to be smart. Others have smart designs. An example of the second type of house won an Award of Excellence from the American Institute of Architects. 
    Located on the shore of Sullivan's Island off the coast of South Carolina, the award-winning cube-shaped beach house was built to replace one smashed to pieces by Hurricane ( 飓风 ) Hugo 10 years ago. In September 1989, Hugo struck South Carolina, killing 18 people and damaging or destroying 36,000 homes in the state. 
    Before Hugo, many new houses built along South Carolina's shoreline were poorly constructed, and enforcement of building codes wasn't strict, according to architect Ray Huff, who created the cleverly-designed beach house. In Hugo's wake, all new shoreline houses are required to meet stricter, better-enforced codes. The new beach house on Sullivan's Island should be able to withstand a Category 3 hurricane with peak winds of 179 to 209 kilometers per hour. 
    At first sight, the house on Sullivan's Island looks anything but hurricane-proof. Its redwood shell makes it resemble "a large party lantern ( 灯笼 )" at night, according to one observer. But looks can be deceiving. The house's wooden frame is reinforced with long steel rods to give it extra strength. 
    To further protect the house from hurricane damage, Huff raised it 2.7 meters off the ground on timber pilings -- long, slender columns of wood anchored deep in the sand. Pilings might appear insecure, but they are strong enough to support the weight of the house. They also elevate the house above storm surges. The pilings allow the surges to run under the house instead of running into it. "These swells of water come ashore at tremendous speeds and cause most of the damage done to beach-front buildings," said Huff. 
    Huff designed the timber pilings to be partially concealed by the house's ground-to-roof shell. "The shell masks the pilings so that the house doesn't look like it's standing with its pant legs pulled up," said Huff. In the event of a storm surge, the shell should break apart and let the waves rush under the house, the architect explained. 
36. After the tragedy caused by Hurricane Hugo, new houses built along South Carolina's shore line are required_____. 
A) to be easily reinforced        B) to look smarter in design 
C) to meet stricter building standards     D) to be designed in the shape of cubes 
37. The award-winning beach house is quite strong because____. 
 A) it is strengthened by steel rods   B) it is made of redwood 
C) it is in the shape of a shell      D) it is built with timber and concrete 
38. Huff raised the house 2.7 meters off the ground on timber pilings in order to _____. 
A) withstand peak winds of about 200 km/hr 
B) anchor stronger pilings deep in the sand 
C) break huge sea waves into smaller ones 
D) prevent water from rushing into the house 
39. The main function of the shell is 
A) to strengthen the pilings of the house 
B) to give the house a better appearance 
C)to protect the wooden frame of the house 
D) to slow down the speed of the swelling water 
40. It can be inferred from the passage that the shell should be____. 
A) fancy-looking B) waterproof     C) easily breakable      D) extremely strong 
 Part III  Vocabulary    (20 minutes)
Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For each sentence there are four  choices marked A), B), C) and D). Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre. 
41. He asked us to _____ them in carrying through their plan. 
A) provide  C) assist 
B) arouse D) persist 
42. A good many proposals were raised by the delegates,  _____ was to be expected. 
A) that    C) so 
B) what     D) as 
43. He was such a   _____  speaker that he held our attention every minute of the three-hour     lecture. 
A) specific   C) heroic 
B) dynamic    D) diplomatic 
44. Arriving home, the boy told his parents about all the  _____  which occurred in his dormitory. 
         A) occasions  C) incidents 
         B) matters   D) issues 
45. The opening between the rocks was very narrow, but the boys managed to  _____ through. 
         A) press      C) stretch 
         B) squeeze  D) leap 
46. They are trying to _____ the waste discharged by the factory for profit. 
         A) expose   C) exhibit 
         B) exhaust  D) exploit 
47. The manager urged his staff not to  _____  the splendid opportunity. 
         A) drop      C) escape 
         B) miss      D) slide 
48.   _____ I admire David as a poet, I do not like him as a man. 
         A) Much as   C) If only 
         B) Only if    D) As much 
49. Because of a  _____ engagement, Lora couldn't attend my birthday party last Saturday. 
         A) pioneer  C) prior 
         B) prematureD) past 
50. The continuous rain  _____ the harvesting of the wheat crop by two weeks. 
        A) set back  C) set out 
        B) set off   D) set aside 
51. Not having a good command of English can be a serious   _____  preventing you from achieving your goals. 
        A) obstacle  C) offense 
        B) fault     D) distress 
52. It's very   _____  of you not to talk aloud while the baby is asleep. 
        A) concernedC) considerable 
        B) careful   D) considerate 
53. Many a player who had been highly thought of has  _____  from the tennis scene. 
        A) disposed   C) discouraged 
        B) disappearedD) discarded 
54. She's fainted. Throw some water on her face and she'll _____. 
        A) come round          C) come on 
        B) come along          D) come out 
55. All their attempts to  _____ the child from the burning building were in vain. 
        A) regain   C) rescue 
        B) recover   D) reserve 
56. Computer technology will _____ a revolution in business administration. 
        A) bring around         C) bring out 
        B) bring about         D) bring up 
57. The university has launched a research center to develop new ways of  _____ bacteria which have become resistant to drug treatments. 
        A) regulatingC) interrupting         
        B) halting   D) combating 
58. The   _____ goal of the book is to help bridge the gap between research and teaching, particularly the gap between researchers and teachers. 
        A) joint    C) overall 
        B) intensive D) decisive 
59. The rapid development of communications technology is transforming the _____ in which people communicate across time and space. 
        A) route      C) vision 
        B) transmissionD) manner 
60. When I go out in the evening I use the bike _____ the car if I can. 
        A) rather thanC) in spite of 
        B) regardless of          D) other than 
61. There is no  _____  evidence that people can control their dreams, at least in experimental situations in a lab. 
        A) rigid     C) smooth 
        B) solid     D) harsh 
62. Every culture has developed  _____ for certain kinds of food and drink, and equally strong negative attitudes toward others.  
        A) preferencesC) fantasies 
        B) expectationsD) fashions 
63. It is reported that Uruguay understands and  _____  China on human rights issues. 
        A) grants     C) abandons 
        B) changes   D) backs 
64. Only a few people have   _____ to the full facts of the incident. 
        A) access   C) contact 
        B) resort  D) path 
65. His trousers  _____ when he tried to jump over the fence. 
        A) cracked  C) broke 
        B) split   D) burst 
66. So far, _____ winds and currents have kept the thick patch of oil southeast of the Atlantic coast. 
        A) governingC) prevailing 
        B) blowing  D) ruling 
67. The author was required to submit an  _____ of about 200 words together with his research paper. 
        A) edition  C) article 
        B) editorial  D) abstract 
68. As the old empires were broken up and new states were formed, new official tongues began to _____  at an increasing rate. 
        A) bring up  C) spring up 
        B) build up   D) strike up 
69. Many patients insist on having watches with them in hospital, _____ they have no schedules to keep. 
        A) even though          C) as if      
        B) for         D) since 
70. Some plants are very   _____ to light; they prefer the shade. 
        A) sensible  C) objective 
       B) flexible  D) sensitive 
 
Part IV         Cloze     (15 minutes) 
Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A), B), C) and D) on the right side of the paper, You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre. 
    It's an annual back-to-school routine. One morning you wave goodbye, and that  71   evening you're burning the late-night oil in sympathy. In the race to improve educational standards,    72 are throwing the books at kids.   73 elementary school students are complaining of homework  74   . What's a well-meaning parent to do? 
As hard as  75   may be, sit back and chill, experts advise. Though you've got to get them to do it,  76   helping too much, or even examining   77   too carefully, you may keep them   78   doing it by themselves. "I wouldn't advise a parent to check every   79   assignment," says psychologist John Rosemond, author Of Ending the Tough Homework. "There's a   80   of appreciation for trial and error. Let your children   81  the grade they deserve." 
    Many experts believe parents should gently look over the work of younger children and ask them to rethink their   82   . But "you don't want them to feel it has to be   83 ," she says. 
That's not to say parents should   84   homework -- first, they should monitor how much homework their kids   85   . Thirty minutes a day in the early elementary years and an hour in   86   four, five, and six is standard, says Rosemond. For junior-high students it should be "  87  mom than an hour and a half," and two for high-school students. If your child   88   has mom homework than this, you may want to check   89   other parents and then talk to the teacher about   90   assignment
71. A) very     C) right 
    B) exact    D) usual 
72. A) officials  C) experts 
    B) parents   D) schools 
73. A) Also    C) Then 
    B) Even     D) However 
74. A) fatigue   C) duty 
    B) confusion D) puzzle 
75. A) there    C) they 
    B) we      D) it 
76. A) via      C) by 
    B) under    D) for 
77. A) questions C) standards 
     B) answers'  D) rules 
78. A) off     C) beyond 
     B) without  D) from 
79. A) single    C) page 
     B) piece    D) other 
80. A) drop     C) cut 
     B) short    D) lack 
81. A) acquire  C) gather 
     B)  earn     D) reach 
82. A) exercises C) mistakes 
    B) defects   D) tests 
83. A) perfect   C) unusual 
    B) better    D) complete 
84. A) forget    C) miss 
    B) refuse    D) ignore 
85. A) have     C) make 
    B) prepare   D) perform 
86. A) classes   C) grades 
    B) groups   D) terms 
87. A) about    C) much 
    B) no       D) few 
88. A) previously C) merely 
    B) rarely    D) consistently 
89. A) with     C) out 
    B) in       D) up 
90. A) finishing  C) reducing 
    B) lowering  D) declining 
  
Part V       Writing   (30 minutes) 
Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write a letter in reply to a friend's inquiry about applying for admission to your college or university. You should write at least 120 words according to the outline given below in Chinese: 
1．建议报考的专业及理由 
2．报考该专业的基本条件 
3．应当如何备考 
  
A Letter in Reply to a Friend 
        December 27th, 2003 
Dear 

2003年12月四级答案：
Part I Listening
1-5   ABADC 
6-10  BDBCD 
11-15 CABCB
16-20 DACAB
21-25 DBCCA
26-30 DBADC
31-35 BBDCA
36-40 CADBC
41-45 CDBCB 
46-50 DBACA
51-55 ADBAC 
56-60 BDCDA
61-65 BADAB 
66-70 CDCDD
71-75 ADBAD
76-80 CBDAD
81-85 BCADA
86-90 CBDAC