备考五月TOEFL――作文题库

101. Some people say that physical exercise should be a required part of every school day. Other people believe that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies. Which opinion do you agree with? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.

102. A university plans to develop a new research center in your country. Some people want a center for business research. Other people want a center for research in agriculture (farming). Which of these two kinds of research centers do you recommend for your country? Use specific reasons in your recommendation.

103. Some young children spend a great amount of their time practicing sports. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of this. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

104. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Only people who earn a lot of money are successful. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

105. If you could invent something new, what product would you develop? Use specific details to explain why this invention is needed.

106. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? A person’s childhood years (the time from birth to twelve years of age) are the most important years of a person’s life. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

107. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Children should be required to help with household tasks as soon as they are able to do so. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

108. Some high schools require all students to wear school uniforms. Other high schools permit students to decide what to wear to school. Which of these two school policies do you think is better? Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.

109. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Playing a game is fun only when you win. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

110. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? High schools should allow students to study the courses that students want to study. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.

111. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? It is better to be a member of asgroupsthan to be the leader of a group. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

112. What do you consider to be the most important room in a house? Why is this room more important to you than any other room? Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.

113. If you could make one important change in a school that you attended, what change would you make? Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.

114. A gift (such as a camera, a soccer ball, or an animal) can contribute to a child’s development. What gift would you give to help a child develop? Why? Use reasons and specific examples to support your choice.

115. Some people believe that students should be given one long vacation each year. Others believe that students should have several short vacations throughout the year. Which viewpoint do you agree with? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.

116. Would you prefer to live in a traditional house or in a modern apartment building? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.

117. Some people say that advertising encourages us to buy things we really do not need. Others say that advertisements tell us about new products that may improve our lives. Which viewpoint do you agree with? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

118. Some people prefer to spend their free time outdoors. Other people prefer to spend their leisure time indoors. Would you prefer to be outside or would you prefer to be inside for your leisure activities? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your choice.

119. Your school has received a gift of money. What do you think is the best way for your school to spend this money? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.

120. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Playing games teaches us about life. Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

121. Imagine that you have received some land to use as you wish. How would you use this land? Use specific details to explain your answer.

122. What is the most important animal in your country? Why is the animal important? Use reasons and specific details to explain your answer.

123. Many parts of the world are losing important natural resources, such as forests, animals, or clean water. Choose one resource that is disappearing and explain why it needs to be saved. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.

124. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? A zoo has no useful purpose. Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.

125. In some countries, people are no longer allowed to smoke in many public places and office buildings. Do you think this is a good rule or a bad rule? Use specific reasons and details to support your position.

126. Plants can provide food, shelter, clothing, or medicine. What is one kind of plant that is important to you or the people in your country? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.

127. You have the opportunity to visit a foreign country for two weeks. Which country would you like to visit? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.

128. In the future, students may have the choice of studying at home by using technology such as computers or television or of studying at traditional schools. Which would you prefer? Use reasons and specific details to explain your choice.

129. When famous people such as actors, athletes and rock stars give their opinions, many people listen. Do you think we should pay attention to these opinions? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

130. The twentieth century saw great change. In your opinion, what is one change that should be remembered about the twentieth century? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.

131. When people need to complain about a product or poor service, some prefer to complain in writing and others prefer to complain in person. Which way do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

132. People remember special gifts or presents that they have received. Why? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

133. Some famous athletes and entertainers earn millions of dollars every year. Do you think these people deserve such high salaries? Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.

134. Is the ability to read and write more important today than in the past? Why or why not? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

135. People do many different things to stay healthy. What do you do for good health? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

136. You have decided to give several hours of your time each month to improve the communityswheresyou live. What is one thing you will do to improve your community? Why? Use specific reasons and details to explain your choice.

137. Your school has enough money to purchase either computers for students or books for the library. Which should your school choose to buy--computers or books? Use specific reasons and examples to support your recommendation.

138. Many students choose to attend schools or universities outside their home countries. Why do some students study abroad? Use specific reasons and details to explain your answer.

139. People listen to music for different reasons and at different times. Why is music important to many people? Use specific reasons and examples to support your choice.

140. Groups or organizations are an important part of some people’s lives. Why are groups or organizations important to people? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.

141. Imagine that you are preparing for a trip. You plan to be away from your home for a year. In addition to clothing and personal care items, you can take one additional thing. What would you take and why? Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.

142. When students move to a new school, they sometimes face problems. How can schools help these students with their problems? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.

143. It is sometimes said that borrowing money from a friend can harm or damage the friendship. Do you agree? Why or why not? Use reasons and specific examples to explain your answer.

144. Every generation of people is different in important ways. How is your generation different from your parents’generation? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your answer.

145. Some students like classesswheresteachers lecture (do all of the talking) in class. Other students prefer classesswheresthe students do some of the talking. Which type of class do you prefer? Give specific reasons and details to support your choice.

146. Holidays honor people or events. If you could create a new holiday, what person or event would it honor and how would you want people to celebrate it? Use specific reasons and details to support your answer.

147. A friend of yours has received some money and plans to use all of it either

to go on vacation

to buy a car

Your friend has asked you for advice. Compare your friend’s two choices and explain which one you think your friend should choose. Use specific reasons and details to support your choice.

148. The 21st century has begun. What changes do you think the new century will bring? Use examples and details in your answer.

149. What are some of the qualities of a good parent? Use specific details and examples to explain your answer.

150. Movies are popular all over the world. Explain why movies are so popular. Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer.