托福写作考题举例

1. 喜欢和人打交道，还是和机器？
　　Some people prefer work or activities that mainly involve working with people. Others choose work or activities that mainly involve working with objects or machines. Compare these types of activities. Which of them do you prefer? Give reasons to support your answer.

2. 春夏秋冬，喜忧为何？
　　There are advantages and disadvantages to different seasons of the year, such as rainy or dry weather. Pick any two seasons that you are familiar with and compare the two. Describe what makes you prefer one over the other. What activities do you engage in? What feelings do you have during this season?

3. 坐公车，还是自家车？
　　Public transportation includes buses, subways, trains, and taxis. Private transportation usually refers to private cars, bicycles, or motorcycles. Compare these two kinds of transportation, and discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each. Decide which is better, giving details to support your decision.

4. 在国内学，还是留学？
　　There are both advantages and disadvantages to going to school in another country. Describe the good points and bad points about going to school in another country, and come to a conclusion about whether it is better or not to study abroad or stay at home. Give support for your opinion.

5. 生几个好？
　　Some families have many children, while others have only one child. Think about the positive and negative aspects of being in a family with several children. What size of family seems best? Why?

6. 课堂学，还是课外学？
　　We can be educated in many ways. Though much education happens in a classroom, we are also educated in our daily life through doing activities and listening to our friends and our family members. Which is a better way to learn: in a classroom with a teacher, or outside a classroom by doing things? Support your answer with examples and details.

7. 在家吃，还是上馆子？
　　Some people usually cook and eat their meals in their homes, while others often eat their meals in restaurants, stores, or sidewalk cafes. What are some differences between these two ways of getting food? Which is better? Why? Give reasons to support your opinion.

8. 如何好好放松？
　　People have different ways of relaxing. Some people like to go out walking. Others like to read, sleep, eat, listen to music, or watch television. Some people play sports or watch sports, while others dance and sing. What are some good ways to relax when you are not working? Describe some ways to relax that you are familiar with. Why are they good ways to relax?