托福写作理论
  中国考生普遍对写作重视不够，一方面以为写作分仅作参考，另一方面以为写作是冰冻三尺非一日之寒，无法准备，因而采取听天由命的态度。事实上，写作是对托福这种标准化考试缺陷的弥补。考托福可以"投机取巧"，写作更能反映你的真实水平，许多学校现在明确要求写作分达到4.5分，所以如果放弃写作，会被排除在许多学校之外。那么我们在短时间内是否在写作上真的无能为力呢？不是！其实我们只需6小时就可解决写作的基本框架问题，以后再练习写几篇即可大功告成。本书中所列举的全部是全真托福写作题（87年-现在），并包含ETS提供的未来机考题。 
TWE简介
  TWE是Test of Written English的缩写。TWE考试时间长度为半小时，于托福考试前半小时举行，成绩记录在同一报告单的专用栏目内。考试内容为，就ETS（美国教育考试中心）所提供的一个简单作文题，写一篇200至300字的文章。由于文章只是询问你的观点，且作文题非常常见，考生不必具备专门知识。
阅卷方式
  作文卷通常由ETS聘请美国中学或大学英语教师阅卷。每篇作文由两个评卷人独立评分，然后取平均分，如两个评卷人的评分差距太大，则请第三人裁决。分数等级分为1至6分，有半分制，如：5.5, 4.5, 3.5...。
评分标准
  ETS 评分标准如下：
Scores    Explanations of TWE Scores
6.  Demonstrates clear competence in writing on both the rhetorical and syntactic levels, though the essay may have occasional errors.
5.  Demonstrates competence in writing on both the rhetorical and syntactic levels, though the essay may have occasional errors.
4.  Demonstrates minimal competence in writing on both the rhetorical and syntactic levels.
3.  Demonstrates some developing competence in writing, but the essay remains flawed on either the rhetorical or syntactic level, or both. 
2.  Suggests incompetence in writing.
1.  Demonstrates incompetence in writing.
TOEFL/ TWE成绩报告单上也会出现下列符号：
INR  未写作文
Off   文不对题
*    本次无写作
**     无成绩
评分案例
Topic 1
Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?
  Teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students.
Use reasons and specific examples to support your opinion.
作文分数：1分
评语：Demonstrates incompetence in writing 
A paper in this category
*    may be incoherent
*    may be undeveloped
*    may contain severe and persistent writing errors.
作文实例：
Teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students. I think Teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their student. Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Yes, I do. Why do I think so? Because The teacher is teaching the students. and The student is teaching the teachers. of course me too. This is very important. It is don't forget us! (65 words)      
作文分数：2分
评语：Suggests incompetence in writing
A paper in this category is seriously flawed by one or more of the following weaknesses:
*  serious disorganization or underdevelopment
*  little or no detail, or irrelevant specifics
*  serious and frequent errors in sentence structure or usage 
*  serious problems with focus
作文实例：
  The teacher is important for school, most students don't like them. Sometimes we can find to that teacher was boring. I think of teacher should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students, because they could by means of learning and fun get many students. Another they could be better teacher and good skill from eduction    
And than A teacher should make leaing ciriously with their students, I think this way not good for teacher. For example the student will be fear and dislike to the teacher Beside they don't like enjoy their class maybe they cut it.  
    Good as well as saying the teacher basic of eduction in the country in the concult I like teacher learning enjoyable and funny and then I'll be interested with class and get many things that is better for me. (137 words)
作文分数：3分
评语：Demonstrate some developing competence 
    in writing, but it remains flawed on either 
    the rhetorical or syntactic level, or both.
A paper in this category may reveal one or more of the following weaknesses:
*   inadequate organization or development
*   inappropriate or insufficient choice of words or word forms
*   an accumulation of errors in sentence structure and/or usage
作文实例：
  TEACHERS SHOULD MAKE LEARNING ENJOYABLE AND FUN FOR THEIR STUDENTS. DO YOU AGREE OR DISAGREE WITH THE STATEMENT? GIVE REASONS TO SUPPORT YOUR OPINION.      
  IF MY TEACHERS MAKE LEARNING ENJOYABLE AND FUN FOR MY CLASS. I AGREE THAT. BECAUSE I THINK IT IS A GOOD WAY TO MAKE STUDENT REMEMBER IN SUBJECT AND WANT TO STUDY IN SCHOOL SO I AM A STUDENT IN SCHOOL. THEY STAY ON TIME AND TEACH ALL OF TIME UNTIL FINISH. WE DON'T HAVE BREAK TIMES OR TIME FOR RELAX. AFTER CLASS WE ARE VERY TRIED AND WE COULDN'T TO REMEMBER THAT THE TEACHER REACH US. WE KNOW NOTHING, BUT SOME TEACHER KNOWS ABOUT THAT HE TRIES TO TEACH US AND HAVE TIME TO RELEAX OR ENJOYABLE FOR EXAMPLE WE TAKE TOGETHER IN CLASS OF HAVE SOME GAME TO PLAY TOGETHER ABOUT SUBJECT THAT THE TEACHER TEACHS US OR HAVE BREAK TIME FOR DRINK WATER. I LIKE THIS WAY TO STUDY, I THINK IT HAVES US UNDERSTAND AND WANT TO STUDY MORE THAN ANOTHER WAY. I THINK I CAN SAY INTERSENT EVERY STUDENT I LIKE IF TEACHERS SHOULD MAKE LEANING ENJOYABLE AND FUN FOR THEIR STUDENTS. I AGREE. (193 WORDS)     
作文分数：4分
评语：Demonstrate minimal competence in 
     writing on both the rhetorical or syntactic 
     level.
A paper in this category 
*   addresses the writing topic adequately but may slight parts of the task
*   is adequately organized and developed
*   uses some details to support a thesis or illustrate an idea
*   demonstrates adequate but possibly inconsistent facility with syntax and usage
*   may contain some errors that occasionally obscure meaning
作文实例：
  In my point of view I do agree that teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students for the following reasons.  
  Firstly, students may pay more attention of what the teacher says. Instead of talking to somebody else they may concentrate on their work. Since the most important thing is that they are not bored by the lesson.   
  Secondly, the teacher will be more welcomed by students. For one may compare a friendly, funny teacher to those boring, strict one.
  Thirdly, the lively envionment of learning makes students have a high spirit of learning. Students may actively participate in class activities. Thus, though different approaches of teaching students may learn more or be more enjoyable   
     All in all, the imperative purpose is to make students feel learning is a relaxed way not stressing too much pressure on them. Gradually, they will find interest in learning. Therefore, I strongly agree that teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students. (162 words)      
作文分数：5分
评语：Demonstrates competence in writing on 
    both the rhetorical and syntactic levels, 
    though it will probably have occasional 
    errors.
A paper in this category
*    may address some parts of the task more effectively than others
*    is generally well organized and well developed
*    uses details to support a thesis or illustrate an idea
*    displays facility in the use of language
*    demonstrates some syntactic variety and range of vocabulary
作文实例：
  Teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for their students. I do completely agree with this statement. I believe that there have been many studies done on this subject, and they all indicate that if children during their first years of schooling associate learning as enjoyable and fun they will learn the subjects and retain more than if presented on a dull way. The trend in learning and education appears to support this idea.    
  The role of the teacher now days is more than just giving away a number of facts for students to learn. By making learning fun and enjoyable the student will also get motivated and probably do some research or outside class investingation to enrich his or her own knowledge. Some may say this is a lot of work for the teachers. However if you look at all the technology available, for example computer educational programs, educational video etc; they all try make the learning process enjoyable and fun. It is easier for teachers to plan their classes by using such materials. Students benefit as well since they are learning without associating the process as been a tedious chore needed to get a grade and pass a class. 
  I do believe that in the long run both students and teachers will achive great results and a sence of a well accomplished job by approaching learning as an enjoyable and fun activity. (234 words) 
作文分数：6分
评语：Demonstrates clear competence in writing 
     on both the rhetorical and syntactic levels, 
     though it may have occasional errors.
A paper in this category
*    effectively address the writing task
*    is well organized and well developed
*    uses clearly appropriate details to support a thesis or illustrate ideas
*    displays consistent facility in the use of language
*    demonstrates syntactic variety and appropriate word choice. 
作文实例：
  I do strongly support the idea that teachers should make learning enjoyable and fun for the student. This I support with the following reasons.
  First let us take the psychological component of a student. A child or student will be more receptive, to anything including studies, if the subject matter is presented in an interesting and enjoyable manner. If not there is every likelihood that the student will be unwilling or will reject the matter presented as he considers studying is a burden on him.    
  My second point is that the present day student faces tremendous amount of distractions such as interesting television programs, drugs, distractions from opposite sexes and many more. To get the studies away from all these and to get him interested in studies there is obviously no other way than to make learning interesting.
  The present day students are also pressured with tremendous amount of competition from other students. With this mounting pressure on them coupled with the hush expectation of the parents, it will lighten the burden on the young students with a more acceptable form of presentation that is in an enjoyable and fun manner.    
    Retention is another factor that should considered important. Any presentation which is given in an interesting or enjoyable manner can be retained well by the students. If they subject matter presented is uninteresting than there is strong likelihood the student will forget the subject matter presented in days or even hours.      
  When presenting a subject the teacher should create a desire amongst the student to crave for more knowledge on the subject and this can certainly be obtained if the subject matter is presented in a fun and enjoyable manner.
  It can also be said that the present day communication system is so advanced and these are simple teaching aids and techniques to make teaching fun and enjoyable. So why not utilise the opportunities to the full so that the students at the receiving end can benefit to the full.  
  Last but not least I wish to say that by making teaching fun and enjoyable the like expectancy of both the students and the teacher can be extended.  (359 words)
基本题型
  TWE作文题型于1987年5月后即废除了表格类，全部代之以文字题。文字题基本上统一为表态类、选择类、及列举类这三类议论文。
表态类
   此类题特点是列出一种有争议的观点，请你表态赞同或反对。
Topic 2
  Some say that the world would be a better place now if the automobile had never been invented. Decide if you agree or disagree with this statement and give specific reasons for your decision.
Topic 3
  “When people succeed, it is because of hard work. Luck has nothing to do with success.” Do you agree or disagree with the quotation above? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your positions.
选择类
    此类题特点是列出两种对立观点，请你选择。
Topic 4
    Some people pay money for the things they want or need, other people trade product or goods for what they need. Compare the advantages of this two ways of obtaining things, which way do you prefer? Explain why?
Topic 5
    Some people say that the best way to raise children is to encourage them to be independent thinkers. Others disagree and say that children need to be taught discipline in order to become successful. Using specific examples, discuss these two opinions. State which one you agree with and why.
Topic 6
    Some people say that pure science is more important than applied science, whereas other people stress the importance of applied science. Write a brief essay in which you discuss each of these positions. Your discussion should be illustrated by one or two examples. Finally you should explain which position you support.
列举类
   此类题特点是列出一种观点，请你举例支持。
Topic 7
  Inventions such as eyeglasses and the sewing machine have had an important effect on our lives. Choose another invention that you think is important.
  Give specific reasons.
Topic 8
  Neighbors are the people who live near us. In your opinion, what are the qualities of a good neighbor? Use specific details and examples in your answer.
解题技巧
写作程序
第一步：审题：判断题型、决定套用模式
第二步：想出几条理由
第三步：套用模式逐句写
第四步：检查修改：格式、语法、拼写、标点等。
写作注意事项
l 阅卷人并不指望你在半小时内写出惊世之作，他只想看看你是否能用英语写作，所以不必小题大作。托福写作也不是什么高深论文，不必钻牛角尖，对问题的理解大方向正确即可。另请记住下列劝告
l 句子简洁明了，勿用复杂的汉语翻译句
l 常见问题：in which用错、或在主句前放太多的状语从句
l 勿用不会拼写的词，遇上不会的单词，可换种说法绕过去
l 注意标点符号：如大小写、从句间的逗号、句子完结后的句号。常见问题：句首字母不大写，句尾用逗号。
写作模块
表态类套用模块：
第一段introduction：
  第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题
  第二句：改编题目
  第三句：表态
  第四句：说明有N条支持理由
第二段body：
第一层意思：用一句话概括第一条理由、接着具体说明这条理由
第二层意思：用一句话概括第二条理由、接着具体说明这条理由
第三层意思：用一句话概括第三条理由、接着具体说明这条理由
第三段conclusion：
第一层意思：用一句话概括N条理由，并再次表态。
第二层意思：承认反方观点也有可取之处，再回答出于什么考虑不赞成它。
以Topic 2为例：
  Some say that the world would be a better place now if the automobile had never been invented. Decide if you agree or disagree with this statement and give specific reasons for your decision.
第一段第一句：
第一段introduction：
  第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题：The automobile has become an indispensable part of our life.
  第二句：照抄论题，必要时略作改编：Some say that the world would be a better place now if the automobile had never been invented. 
第三句：表态：I do not quite agree with this statement. 
  第四句：说明有几条理由：There are three reasons for my decision.  
第二段body：
第一层意思：用一句话概括第一条理由：First of all, the automobile can carry more things than people could do before. 接着具体说明这条理由：For instance, before the automobile was invented, people mainly used carts drawn by horses to carry goods. These carts cannot carry large amount of such goods as coal, iron, construction materials, fertilizers, grains, fruits, etc. People could not enjoy the things made or produced in far away places. But the invention of the automobile made it possible. Life is much better than before.
第二层意思：用一句话概括第二条理由：Secondly, the automobile can carry much heavier things than people could do before.接着具体说明这条理由：There are many heavy things that need to be transported from one place to another. Without the automobile, this is almost impossible. Suppose you want to move to another part of the town, all you need to do is to find a truck. Otherwise, you would have to break your back to carry all your furniture to the new place. Obviously, the automobile has made our life much easier.
第三层意思：用一句话概括第三条理由：Lastly, the automobile can move much faster. 接着具体说明这条理由：If we want to travel to another city 200 miles away, we can take a bus, it will probably take us only one morning. But with other means, say the carriage, it would probably take us 12 hours. We would arrive at our destination in bad shape. The automobile saves us time.
第三段conclusion：
第一层意思：以上述理由为据再次表态：In short, the automobile has made our life much easier and much better since its invention. That’s why I disagree that the world would be a better place now if the automobile had never been invented. 
第二层意思：承认对方也有可取之处，或己方有不足之处：Although the automobile has brought such serious problems as air pollution, traffic jams, and road accidents, 再回答出于什么考虑不赞成对方，或赞成己方：these can be solved with the development of technology and the improvement of traffic control. We do not have to get rid of the automobile just to avoid these problems.
选择类套用模块：
第一段introduction：
  第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题
  第二句：照抄论题，必要时略作改编
  第三句：先表示双方各有千秋
第二段body1：
第一句：正方有三点主要好处。接着一一列举其三点好处
第三段body2：
第一句：反方也有好处。接着列举其两点主要好处
第四段conclusion：
第一句：作出个人选择，接着回答既然各有千秋，为何“厚此薄彼”？如选择平衡立场，则说明不偏不倚的好处，或在实践中如何操作。
Topic 4：
Some people pay money for the things they want or need. Other people trade products or goods for what they need. Compare the advantages of these two ways of obtaining things, which way do you prefer? Explain why?
第一段introduction：
  第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题：There are two ways in which people can get what they need from other people.
  第二句：照抄论题，必要时略作改编：Some people pay money for the things they want or need. Other people trade products or goods for what they need.
  第三句：表态：双方各有千秋： Either of these two ways of obtaining things has its advantages.
第二段body1：
  第一句话：正方有三点主要好处。Paying money for the things we want or need has at least three advantages. 接着一一列举其三点好处：First of all, money is easy to carry about. For instance, when we go shopping we can carry some bank notes in our purse rather than carrying loads of goods. Secondly, money can measure precisely the value of all kinds of goods and services. Thirdly, money can be stored for later use easily. Goods can go bad if not carefully reserved, and they can take up too much room. But there are no such problems with money. 
第三段body 2：
  第一句话：反方也有好处。Trading products or goods for what we need also has its advantages. 接着列举其两点主要好处：First of all, there are times when you have to trade products or goods for what you want or need. For example, when you have no money for what you need, but you happen to have something other people need, trading products or goods for what you want is obviously the best solution. Secondly, there are things that are not measured in terms of money but in terms of the appreciation of the two parties involved. For example, my friend has a novel which I want, and I have a CD which he wants. Neither the novel nor the CD is available in the market any longer. And neither he or I will give our favorite things away for money. In such cases, trading products or goods seems to be mutually convenient.
第四段conclusion：
  第一句话：作出个人选择：I prefer to pay money for what I want. 接着回答既然各有千秋，为何“厚此薄彼”？Although trading products or goods for what people need is also a useful way of obtaining things in some cases, it is not convenient for most people in most cases. Personally, I hate the idea of carrying a big bag full of goods around when I go shopping. 如选择平衡立场：I think both ways of obtaining things are useful.则说明在实践中如何操作：Most of the time I prefer to pay money for what I want. But sometimes I will trade what I no longer need for the things that I want.
列举类套用模块：
单纯陈述类结构较简单，但有两个难点：
(1) 不易写出足够分量
解决办法：多想几条理由，选择自己熟悉的例子。如果只能想出一条理由，则将此理由细分为三个方面，再一一举例说明。
(2) 结论段除了重复开头段的主题句外，很多人发现再无话可说
解决办法：加写对该主题未来发展的预测，及其意义，我们应该怎么样等等。
第一段introduction：
  第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题
  第二句：照抄论题
  第三句：点明要举的例子
  第四句：说明有几条理由/方面支持这一论题
第二段body：
    第一层意思：用一句话概括第一条理由/方面、接着具体说明
    第二层意思：用一句话概括第二条理由/方面、接着具体说明
    第三层意思：用一句话概括第三条理由/方面、接着具体说明
第三段conclusion：
    第一层意思：以上述理由为据再次重复论题观点。
    第二层意思：从反面说明如果不是这样会怎么样。
    第三层意思：这一现象说明什么。
以Topic 6为例：
Inventions such as eyeglasses and the sewing machine have had an important effect on our lives. Choose another invention that you think is important.
第一段introduction：
    第一句：以一句概括性引语引出论题：Inventions always brings changes to our lives. 第二句：照抄论题：Inventions such as eyeglasses and the sewing machine have had an important effect on our lives.
    第三句：点明要举的例子：Another invention that has had an important effect on our lives is the television.    
    第四句：说明有几条理由支持这一论题/ 或从几个方面说明这一点：This effect can be seen in at least three aspects.
第二段body：
    第一层意思：用一句话概括第一条理由/方面：Firstly, the television brings the world closer to us.接着具体说明：For example, it connects us to the latest developments in every corner of the world. Sitting in front of a TV screen, we witness the current events in the Middle East at one moment, and those in North America at another. 
    第二层意思：用一句话概括第二条理由/方面：Secondly, the television brings about a new way of education. 接着具体说明：For instance, it has offered various teaching programs for people who do not have time or chance to go to universities. Tens of thousands of people have benefited from these programs. 
    第三层意思：用一句话概括第三条理由/方面：Thirdly, the television brings entertainment to our homes. 接着具体说明：People can enjoy all kinds of entertainment such as movies, theater, concert, sports, etc., without going out. They can also watch entertainment happening abroad. For example, they do not have to go to France to watch the World Cup Soccer Game. 
第三段conclusion：
    第一层意思：以上述理由为据再次重复论题观点：All these examples show what an important effect such an invention as the television has on us. 
    第二层意思：从反面说明如果不是这样会怎么样：Without the television these would never have been possible. In short, our lives have been made much better since we had the television. It is obvious that inventions can have an important effect on our lives. 
    第三层意思：这一现象的意义或未来的发展趋势：And it seems that this effect will be extended further when the television is combined with other technologies such as the telephone and the computer.