托福写作未来机考题（一）
美国托福考试中心公告:下列作文题可能出现在未来的实际考试中，您应该在实行计算机考试之前熟悉这些题目。公告原文如下：

Topics in the following list may appear in your actual test. You should become familiar with this list before you take the computer-based TOEFL test.

    事实证明：最近几次考试的题都是从下列试题中抽取的，如上章中的35，36,37，38，39，40题。所以大家对下列试题一定要作好准备。

　　表态类1.Doyouagreeordisagreewiththefollowingstatement?(本句话以下全部省略)

Playing games teachesus about life. Use specific reasons and examples to support your position (本句话以下全部省略).

2.Playing a game is fun only when you win.

3.Universities should give the same amount of money to their students' sports activities as they give to their university libraries.

4.People should readonly those books that are about real events, real people, and established facts.

5.Aperson's childhood years (the time from birth to 12 years of age )are the most important years of a person's life.

6.Parents are the best teachers.

7.In the twentieth century, food has become easier to prepare. Has this change improved the way people live?

　　选择类

8.Some people prefer to spend time with one or two close friends. Others choose to spend time with a large number of friends. Compare the advantage so feach choice. Which of these two ways of spending time do you prefer?

9.Some people prefer to spend most of their time alone. Others like to be with friends most of the time. Do you prefer to spend your time alone or with friends?

10.Some people say that physical exercise should be arequired part of every schoolday. Other people believe that students should spend the whole school day on academic studies. Whichopiniondoyouagreewith?

11.Some high schools require all students to wear school uniforms. Other high schools permit students to decide what to wear to school. Which of these two school policies do you think is better?

12.It has been said," Not everything that is learned is contained in books." Compare and contrast knowledge gained from experience with knowledge gained from books. In your opinion, which source is more important? Why?

13.You need to travel from your home to a place 40 miles (64 kilometers) away. Compare the different kind soft ran sportation you could use. Tell which method of travel you would choose.

14.Some people think that the family is the most important in fluence on young adults. Other people think that friends are the most important influence on young adults. Which view do you agree with?

15.Some people enjoy change, and they lookforward to new experiences. Others like their lives to stay the same, and they do not change their usual habits. Compare these two approaches to life. Which approach do you prefer? Explain why.

16.Some people believe that a college or university education should be available to all students. Others believe that higher education should be available only to good students. Discuss these views. Which view do you agree with？Explain why.

17.Some people think that children should begin their formal education at a very early age and should spend most of their time on school studies. Others believe that young children should spend most of their time playing.

　　列举类

18.Because of developments in communication and transportation, countries are becoming more and more alike. How is your country becoming more similar toother places in the world?

19.When choosing a place to live, what do you consider most important: location, size, style, number of rooms, types of rooms, or other features?

20.Films can tell us a lot about the country in which they were made. What have you learned about a country from watching its movies?

21.People attend colleges or universities for many different reasons (for example, new experiences, career preparation, increased knowledge). Why do you think people attend colleges?

22.If you had the time and money to invent something new, what product would you develop?

23.Your school has received a gift of money. What do you think is the best way for your school to spend this money?

24.If you could change one important thing about your hometown, what would you change?

25.If you could make one important change in a school that you attended, what change would you make?

26.Your country is going to build a new national university. What academic area should be the main focus of this university?

27.What do you consider to be the most important room in a house?Why is this room more important to you than another room?