最新托福考试作文题选编50题  

1. Some people think that parents should plan their children's leisure time carefully. Other people believe? that children should decide for themselves how to spend their free time, Which idea do you agree with? Give reasons for your choice. 
2. People should be realistic rather than romantic insgroupsto live a better life. Do you agree or disagree? with the statement. Use specific reasons to support your answer. 
3. People should never be satisfied with what they have, they should always want something new or? something different Do you agree or disagree with the statement. Give reasons for your choice. 
4. Some people think that the family is the most important influence on young adults. Other people think? that friends are the most important influence on young adults. Which view do you agree with? Use examples to) support your position. 
5. Some students participate in school activities such as clubs and sports. Other students do not take part in?? such activities because they spend more time on their studies. Tell why you think the two groups of? students spend their time differently? Which type of student do you prefer to be? Explain why. 
6. Travelling is more important than reading books insgroupsto understand the people and the world Do you? agree or disagree with the statement Use specific reasons to support your answer. 
7. Some people like different friends. Others like similar friends. Compare the advantages of these two? kinds of friends. Which kind of friend do you prefer. Explain why? 
8. After they complete their university studies, some students live in their hometowns, others live in? different towns or cities. Which do you think is better ... living in your hometown or living in different towns or cities. Give specific reasons for your answer. 
9. Some people believe that newspaper are the best source of news. Others think that the news is presented? better on radio or television. Which of these sources of news do you prefer? Use specific examples to? support your choice. 
10. Some people learn best when a classroom lesson is presented in an entertaining , enjoyable way. Other? people learn best when a lesson is presented in a serious, formal way. Which of these two ways of? learning do you prefer? Give reasons to support your answer. 
11. Some people say that the best preparation for life is learning to be cooperative. Others take the opposite? view and say that learning to be competitive is the best preparation. Tell which one you agree with and explain why. 
12. Some people pay money for the things they want or need. Other people trade products or goods for? what they need. Compare the advantages of these two ways of obtaining things. Which way do you? prefer? Explain why. 
13. Some people believe that growing up in a large family, with several sisters and brothers, offers? more advantages than disadvantages. Other people think that being the only child is more? advantageous. Write a short essay in which you discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each position. Explain which position you support. 
14. Some people think studying in a university is worthwhile only because you can get a degree. Do you? agree or disagree with the statement? Give specific reasons to support your answer. 
15. Inventions such as eyeglasses and the sewing machine have had an important effect on our lives.? Choose another invention that you think is important. Give specific reasons for your choice. 
16. Someone think that playing a game is fun only when you win. Do you agree or disagree with the? statement. Use specific reasons to support your answer. 
17. A research center is going to be established in a university. There is an argument whether to establish an agricultural center or a business one. Which do your think is better. Use specific reasons to support your answer. 
18. "Fiction (such as short stories or novels) can teach us more about life than textbooks can". Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Use specific examples to support your answer. 
19. Living in big cities has more advantages dm living in small towns or countryside. Do you agree or disagree with the statement. Use specific reasons to support your answer. 
20. Some university students want to live in a room alone. Others prefershavingsroommates. Which do you like betterkliving alone or living with roommates? Give specific examples to support your answer. 
21. Some people like to travel alone, other like to travel together with several friends. Which do you prefer, Why? 
22. Which is more important for you in your life? Knowledge from books you read, or personal experiences in reality. Please use details to explain your answer. 
23. Newspapers contain many information topics such as sports, current event, business and entertainment. Which topic do you like to read most often. Give reasons to explain your answer. 
24. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: People should always show their strong emotions (such as excitement, anger, or joy). Use specific reasons and details to support your answer. 
25. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement: Dissatisfaction leads to progress. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion. 
26. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement. A student's main purpose in getting an education is to earn a lot of money. Use specific reasons and examples to support your opinion. 
27. Some students like to attend a large university that has many students. Others prefer to attend a small university that has fewer students. Which type of university do you prefer?Use specific reasons and example to support your answer. 
28. Some students like to have outdoor activities. Others like indoor activities. Which do you prefer? Give specific reasons and examples to illustrate your answer. 
29. How do movies or TV influence people's behavior? Use reasons and specific examples to support your answer. 
30. Some people like to buy books to read, others like to borr4Dw books from libraries or from other people. Compare the advantages of these two ways of reading. Which do you prefer? Why? 
31. Some universities arrange a long period of vacation for students in the school year, others arrange several short vacations. Which kind of vacation do you prefer---a long vacation or a short one? Give specific reasons and examples for your answer. 
32. Some people like to communicate by telephone, Other people like to communicate by letter. Which do you prefer to communicate-by phone or by letter? Use specific and details to explain your answer. 
33. Some people like to listen to classical music, others like to listen to popular music (including popular songs). Which kind of music do you prefer? Give specific reasons for your answer. 
34. Games teach people about life. Do you agree or disagree with the statement? Give specific s for your answer. 
35. Many important natural resources such as water, forests, oil, etc, are running out in the world today. What should we do to protect them? Give specific examples to support your idea about one kind of these resources. 
36. When people succeed, it is because of hard work luck has nothing to do with success, Do you agree or disagree with the quotation above? Use specific reasons and examples to explain your position. 
37. Sometimes it is fun to think of living in another time and place. If you could experience a different time and place, what time and what place would you choose? Use reasons and specific details to support your answer. 
38. Neighbors are the people who live near us. In your opinion, what are the qualities of a good neighbor? Use specific details and examples in your answer? 
39. Some people like to eat at home and prepare food for themselves, others like to eat outside in restaurants or foodstands. Which way of eating do you prefer.? give specific reasons and examples to illustrate your answer. 
40. Some say that the world would be a better place now if the automobile had never been invented. Decide if you agree or disagree with this statement and give specific reasons for your decision. 
41. Some people say that the best way to raise children is to encourage them to be independent thinkers. Others disagree and say that children need to be taught discipline insgroupsto become successful. Using specific examples, discuss these two opinions. State which one you agree with and why? 
42. Some people like to work or study at night, others like to work or study during the day. Which do you prefer-work or study at night or during the day? Give,specific reasons and examples to illustrate your answer. 
43. Some people like to study alone, others like to study with several people together. Which do you prefer-study alone or study with other people? Give specific reasons and examples to illustrate your answer. 
44. Some people like to use computers to type letter, others like t,o write letters with a pen. Which do you prefer and why? 
45. Some companies like to employ younger and enthusiastic people, other companies like to employ older and experienced people. If you were a boss, which kind of people do you like to employ. Give reasons and specific examples to illustrate your answer. 
46. "It's better to make wrong decision dm make no decision at all." Do you agree or disagree with the statement. Give reasons or specific examples to illustrate your answer. 
47. Some people tend to work only for money, while others believe that people should enjoy what opinion do. Which opinion do you prefer? Explain why? 
48. Some people tend to study a subject in a very intensive way over a short period of time, while others tend to study a subject constantly over a long period of time. What do you think is a better way of learning? Explain why. 
49. Should the money investedsintosa university be used to improve the library or to improve the physical training facilities? What do you think? Why? 
50. Should the money investedsintosa university library be used to buy books or to buy computer? What do you think? Why?