What's Going to Be?
Neighbour: What's your daughter going to be when she graduates?
Mother: An old lady!
做什么？
邻居：你女儿大学毕业后要做什么？
母亲：老太婆。

To Learn French
Son: Dad, is French difficult to learn?
Father: My boy, at the beginning it is, but after that it becomes easy.
Son: That's great! I'll learn the latter half.
学法语
儿子：爸爸，法语难学吗？
父亲：我的孩子，开头是难，可往后就变得容易了。
儿子：太好了！那我就学后半部分。

Absent-minded Professor
   There were three professors at the railway station. They were deep in conversation. The train had just arrived, but they did not notice it. Then the guard shouted, "Take your seats, please!"
   The professors heard the guard and rushed for the train. Two of them got on the train before it moved. The third one was left behind. It was Professor Egghead. He looked worried.
   One of the professor's students was at the station. He tried to comfort the professor. "It wasn't really bad, sir," said the student. "Two out of three caught the train. That's quite good, you know." "I know," the professor said. "But it was my train. MY friends only came to say goodbye."
心不在焉的教授
   三位教授在火车站的站台上。他们正在聚精会神地谈话。火车进站了，他们都没有发觉。这时列车员喊道：“请上车了！”
   教授们听到喊声后赶紧向火车跑去，两位教授刚登上火车，火车就开动了。另一位叫埃哈德的教授没能赶上。他看上去很着急。
   教授的一个学生也在车站等车。他尽力安慰教授，他说：“这还不是很糟，三个人有两个人上了火车。您要知道这已经不错了。”教授说：“我知道，可我是来赶火车的，那两位朋友是来为我送行的。”

So Would I
   A fat lady walked into the dress shop. "I'd like to see a dress that would fit me," she told the clerk.
   "So would I," said the tactless clerk.
我也是
   一个胖女人走进服装店。“我想看一件适合我穿的衣服，”她告诉店员说。
   “我也是。”不太老练的店员说道。

I cannot see it at all.
   After supper, the parents were busy playing mahjong with the guests. At this point the mother thought of something and said to her son who was watching TV, "Honey, go see if the kitchen light is on or not?" After a while, her son returned and said, "Ma, the kitchen is so dark that I cannot see it at all."
我根本就看不见　　　
   晚饭后，父亲和母亲都忙着和客人玩麻将，这时母亲忽然想起点儿事来，便对正在看电视的儿子说道：“宝贝，去看看厨房里的灯是不是还开着呢？” 过了一会儿，儿子回来说：“妈，厨房里太黑了，我根本就看不见。”

Where are his books?
Jack: Oh, what a lovely bookshelf you have. How come you have no books on it?
John: Yeah, I had quite a lot before, but I sold all of them to buy this bookshelf.
他的书在哪儿？ 　　　
杰克：哦，你的书架可真漂亮呀！可为什么上面一本书也没有呢？
约翰：是啊，以前我到是有很多书，但是为买这个书架，我把书全卖了。

I'm not wrong
   Eleanor's younger brother Freder was a simple youth. On day, Eleanor's husband, Babo, went to Africa in a hunting trip accompanied by Freder. About 3 weeks later, she received a telegram from her brother saying: "Bano died in hunting a lion." In great sorrow, Eleanor sent an answer to her brother saying: "Send the dead body home."
   Three weeks later, a parcel arrived from Africa in which was the corpse of a lion.
   Eleanor sent an urgent telegram back to Freder: "Lion received. You are wrong. Wanted dead Babo." The next day she received a final telegram from Freder: "I'm not wrong. Babo and one of my legs are in the abdominal cavity of the lion."
我没弄错
   埃莉诺的弟弟菜弗雷德尔是一个头脑简单的年轻人。一天．他陪埃莉诺的丈夫鲍勃去非洲打猎。三个星期之后，埃莉诺接到弟弟的一封电报。电文如下：“鲍勃在猎狮时死亡。”
   在极大的悲痛中，埃莉诺回电说：“把遗体运回。”
   三个星期之后，从非洲运来了一个包裹，里面装的是一头狮子的尸体。
   埃莉诺给弗雷德尔发了一封加急电报：“狮子已收到。你弄错了。把鲍勃的遗体运回。”
   第二天．她接到了弗雷德尔发来的最后一封电报：“我没错，鲍勃和我的一条腿在狮子的腹腔内。”

Who was the first Man?
A teacher said to her class:
"Who was the first man?"
"George Washington," a little boy shouted promptly.
"How do you make out that George Washington was the first man?" asked the teacher, smiling indulgently.
"Because," said the little boy, "he was first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts of his countrymen."
But at this point a larger boy held up his hand.
"Well," said the teacher to him, "who do you think was the first man?"
"I don't know what his name was,"said the larger boy,"but I know it wasn't George Washington, ma'am, because the history book says George Washington married a widow, so, of course, there must have been a man ahead of him."
谁是第一个男人？
有个老师问班上的学生：
“谁是第一个男人？”
“乔治・华盛顿，”一个小男孩当即叫道。
“你怎么知道乔治・华盛顿是第一个男人呢？”老师问道，宽容地微笑着。
小男孩说：“因为他是战时第一，和时第一，国人心中第一。”
这时一个大点儿的男孩举起手来。
“那么，”老师对他说，“你认为谁是第一个男人呢？”
“我不知道他的名字，”大点儿的男孩说，“但我知道不是乔治・华盛顿，老师。因为历史书上说，乔治・华盛顿取了一个寡妇，所以在他前面肯定还有一个男人。”

A Silly Father
   Mr. White was watching TV when his eight-year-old son came into the room. He cried, "Father, my grandpa just now slapped me in the face." Hearing that, Mr. White became very angry. And then he suddenly boxed his own ears heavily and said," You beat my son and I dare to beat yours."
傻爸爸
   怀特先生在房间里看电视，他八岁的儿子走进来哭着说：“爸爸，刚才爷爷打了我一耳光。”怀特先生听了非常生气，突然，他重重地扇了自己一耳光，说：“你打我儿子，我也敢打你儿子。”

Three Reasons
Teacher: Stone, give me three reasons why you know the Earth to be round.
Stone: Ma says so, Pa says so, and you say so!
三条理由
老师：“斯通，说出三条理由来证实地球是圆的。”
斯通：妈妈是这么说的，爸爸是这么说的，你也是这么说的！

To Patch the Hole
   A young man came home from work and found his bride upset. "I feel terrible," she said. "I was pressing your suit and I burned a big hole in the seat of your trousers."
   "Forget it," said her husband. "Remember that I've got an extra pair of pants for that suit."
   "Yes," said the woman, cheering up. "And it's lucky you have. I used them patch the hole."
补洞
   丈夫下班回到家里，发现自己的新娘心绪烦乱。"我心里太难受了，"她说。"我在给你熨西装时把裤子的臀部烧了个大洞。"
   "没事儿，"丈夫安慰地说。"你忘了我这套衣服有两条裤子。"
   "是的," 妻子高兴地说, "幸亏你还有一条，我后来就用它来补了这个洞了。"