When Do People Talk Least?

Student A: When do people talk least?
Student B: In February.
Student A: Why?
Student B: Because February is the shortest month of a year.
人们什么时候说话最少？
学生甲：人们在什么时候说话最少？
学生乙：在二月。
学生甲：为什么呢？
学生乙：因为二月是一年中最短的一个月。

Who's 50 Cents
Jacky: I found 50 cents on the sidewalk in front of school.
Tommy: I think it's mine. I dropped 50 cents there today and couldn't find it.
Jacky: But what I found was two quarters.
Tommy: Then I'm sure it's mine. It probably broke when it hit the sidewalk.
谁的50分（钱）？
杰克：我在学校门前的人行道上拣了50分。
汤米：我想那是我的，今天我在那儿掉了50分，找不到了。
杰克：但是我拣的是两个两毛五的呀。
汤米：那就更是我的了。因为钱在掉到地上的时候可能摔两半了。

Who Discovered Australia?
Teacher: Find Australia on the map for me, Johnny.
Johnny: It's there, sir.
Teacher: That's right. Now Sammy, who discovered Australia?
Sammy: Johnny, sir.
谁发现了澳大利亚？
老师：约翰尼，在地图上给我找出澳大利亚在什么地方。
约翰尼：先生，在这儿。
老师：对了。萨默，你来回答我是谁发现了澳大利亚？
萨默：先生，是约翰尼。

Animal with Four Legs
Teacher: Betty, name two animals which have four legs.
Betty: Two hens.
四条腿的动物
老师：贝蒂，给我说出两个四条腿的动物。
贝蒂：两只母鸡。

The Same Mother
  Billy and his brother Davy were in the same class. The teacher assigned them to write a composition "My Mother". Davy wrote one and Billy just copied it.
   On the next day the teacher asked Billy, "How is it that your composition is exactly the same with Davy's?"
   "we have the same mother, don't we?" replied Billy.
同一个妈妈
   比利和他的哥哥大卫在同一个班里上学，一天老师布置他们写一篇作文，题目是“我的妈妈”。大卫写好后比利拿去抄了一遍。
   第二天老师问比利：“为什么你的作文和大卫的一模一样？”
   比利回答说：“我们妈妈是同一个人，不是吗？”

The Climate of New Zealand
Teacher: Matthew, what is the climate of New Zealand?
Matthew: Very Cold, sir.
Teacher: Wrong.
Matthew: But, sir! When they send us meat it always arrives frozen!
新西兰的气候
老师：马修，新西兰的气候怎么样？
马修：先生，那里的天气很冷。
老师：错了。
马修：可是，先生！从那儿运来的猪肉都冻得硬邦邦的。

The Reason of Being Late
Teacher: Johnny, why are you late for school every morning?
Johnny: Every time I come to the corner, a guidepost says, 'School -- Go Slow'.
迟到的原因
老师：约翰尼，为什么你每天早晨都迟到？
约翰尼：每当我经过学校附近的拐角处，就见路牌上写着‘学校－缓行’。

Improvement
   One student to another: "How are your English lessons coming along?"
   "Fine. I used to be one who couldn't understand the English men, and now it's the English men who can't understand me."
进步
   一位学生对另一位说：“你的英语最近学的怎么样？”
   “很好，我过去不懂英国人说话，可现在是英国人不懂我的话了。”

Mother Was too Busy
Teacher: Mike, you're always asking your father to do your homework instead, and again this time.....
Mike: Pardon, sir, this time at first I would not let him do it, but mother was too busy.
妈妈太忙
老师：迈克，你老是叫你的父亲替你做作业，这次又...
迈克：对不起，老师，这次作业我本不打算让爸爸替我做，可妈妈实在太忙。