笑话一个接一个

   3 Doctors At Heavans Gate Three doctors arrived in heav en.StPeter asked them why they should be let into heaven. The first doctor said,″Because I won the Nobel Peace Prize for mywork.″St. Peter let himin. The second doctor said,″Ihaven't won any prizes, but I've started free clinics and helped those in need forfree.″St. Peter let himin. The third doctor said,″I'mre sponsible for all the hospitals across the United States.″St. Peter thought about it for a minute and said,″OK,I'll let youin, but you will be responsible for your safety！″
   3位医生在天堂门口
   3位医生到了天堂。圣彼得问他们,为什么他们能进入天堂。
   第一个医生回答因为我获得过诺贝尔和平奖。圣彼得让他进了天堂。
   第二个医生回答我没得过什么奖,但我开设过免费门诊,免费治病。圣彼得让他进了天堂。
   第三个医生回答我负责管理美国所有的医院。
   圣彼得思考了一分钟,说好吧,我让你进去,但你要为自己的安全负责！

   3 Sick Soldiers
   An army Major visits the sick soldiers, goes up to one private and asks,″What's your problem, Sol dier？″″Chronic syphilis,Sir！″″What treatment are you get ting？″″Five minutes with the wire brush each day,Sir！″″What's your ambition？″″To get back to the front lines,Sir！″″Goodman！″says the Major. He goes to the next bed.″What's your problem, Sol dier？″″Chronic piles,Sir！″″What treatment are you get ting？″″Five minutes with the wire brush each day,Sir！″″What's your ambition？″″To get back to the front lines,Sir！″″Goodman！″says the Major. He goes to the next bed.″What's your problem, Sol dier？″″Chronic gum disease,Sir！″″What treatment are you get ting？″″Five minutes with the wire brush each day,Sir！″″What's your ambition？″″To get to the front of the line and get the wire brush before the other two,Sir！″

   3个生病的士兵
   一位军队里的主管去探望生病的士兵。他走近一个士兵,问道
   士兵,你得了什么病？慢性梅毒,先生！医生怎样给你治疗？
   每天使用金属刷子5分钟,先生！
   你的目标是什么？重返前线,先生！好样的！主管说。主管走向第二张病床。士兵,你得了什么病？慢性痔疮,先生！医生怎样给你治疗？
   每天使用金属刷子5分钟,先生！
   你的目标是什么？重返前线,先生！好样的！主管说。主管走向第三张病床。士兵,你得了什么病？慢性牙龈炎,先生！医生怎样给你治疗？
   每天使用金属刷子5分钟,先生！
   你的目标是什么？
   排在队列的最前面,在另外两个病人之前使用金属刷子,先生！

   12 Step Program of Recovery for Web Addicts
   1. I will have a cup of coffee in the morning and read my newspaper like I usedto, before the Web.
   2. I will eat breakfast with a knife and fork and not with one hand typing.
   3. I will get dressed before noon.
   4. I will make an attempt to clean the house, wash clothes, and plan dinner before even thinking of the Web.
   5. I will sit down and write a letter to those unfortunate few friends and family that are Web-deprived.
   6. I will call someone on the phone who I cannot contact via the Web.
   7. I will read a book…if I still remember how.
   8. I will listen to those around me and their needs and stop telling them to turn the TV down so I can hear the music on the Web.
   9. I will not be tempted during TV commercials to check for email.
   10. I will try and get out of the house at least once a week, if it is necessary or not.
   11. I will remember that my bank is not forgiving if I forget to balance my checkbook because I was too busy on the Web.
   12.Last, I will remember that I must go to bed sometime…and the Web will always be there tomorrow！

   职业网虫治愈12步
   1、早上,在上网之前,我将喝一杯咖啡,读报,就像以前那样。
   2、我将用双手使用刀叉吃早饭,而不是腾出一只手来敲键盘。
   3、我将在中午之前穿好衣服。
   4、试着在想到上网之前去收拾房间、洗衣服、考虑午餐的菜谱。
   5、我将坐下来,给那些被剥夺了网络的不幸的朋友和他们的家人写信。
   6、我将给那些在网上联络不到的人打电话。
   7、我要读一本书……如果我还记得怎么读书的话。
   8、我将听我周围的人说话,看看他们需要什么,而不再让他们把电视的声音关小,以便我能听到网上的音乐。
   9、我将不会在电视购物的时间段里去收电子邮件。
   10、我将试着每周至少出门一次,不管是不是需要。
   11、我将记得银行不会再给我任何宽限,如果我因为沉迷于网络而忘了去结账。
   12、最后,我会记得我必须找个时间睡觉……毕竟,网络不会在一夜之间消失。

   2 Women Stories
   A woman says to a doctor,″Each time I sip my coffee, my eye seems tohurt.″The doctor says,″Well, maybe you should take the spoon out of thecup.″A woman got a dent in her car and took it in to the repair shop.
   The repairman decided to have a wee bit of fun. So he told her all she had to do was to take it home and blow in the tailpipe until the dent popped itself out. After15minutes of this, a lady-one of the woman's friends came over and asked what she was doing.″I'mtrying to pop out this dent, but it's not really work ing.″″Don't you have to roll up the windows first！″

   两个女人的故事
   一个女子对医生说每次我喝咖啡时都会伤到眼睛。
   医生说也许你应该先把勺子从杯子里拿出来。
   一位女士把车撞了一个坑,于是就去修车。
   修理工决定幽她一默。他告诉她,她只需把车开回家,然后从排气管里往车里吹气,直到凹陷处自己鼓起来。
   这位女士如法操作了15分钟。这时,她的一位女性朋友来拜访她,并问她在做什么。我正在试着让那个坑鼓起来,但这个办法似乎并不管用。嗯……你必须先把车窗摇上去！