CET4、6命题作文训练
1.Type:　给出段首句接下文

Question:

　Travelling
1. People who like travelling have their reasons. ____________
2. Those who dislike travelling have their reasons. ____________
3. In practice, travelling does more good than harm. __________

Example:

"People who like travelling have their reasons. They maintain that travelling can help them
expand their scope of knowledge, especially geographical and historical learning. They go on
to point out that touring will provide more chance for them to enjoy food and try on clothes
that they otherwise cannot possibly have.
Those who dislike travelling have their reasons. They would argue that travelling means a
considerable amount of money and energy. For example, traffic and accommodation require money
walking while seeing sights often tires you.
In practice, travelling does more good than harm. If you finance and health permit, you
might as well do some travelling from time to time. It will at least enable you to get familiar
with people and thing that you will probably grow to like and love."

2.Type:根据给出的关键词写出全文

Question:
Family Planning

birth-control slogan living standards low birth rate one couple-one child

strategic policy achieve adopt advocate carry out enforce
raise strengthen

Example:
China has adopted the policy of family planning as a necessity since the 1970s. The basic

content of China's family planning policy is to advocate late marriage and late childbirth.

And the government has been campaigning hard with the birth-control slogan "one couple-one child"

With the adoption of the family planning police, the population has been changed toward low birth rate. As a result, it enjoys the understanding and support of the population and has achieve, China would have had 260 million more than present population. Now, our living standards are raised, life is more prosperous, and our national economy has developed steadily. However, the program has not been effectively carried out, espedially in the countryside, where many couples still keep trying for more children.The achievements in population control of China have fully proved that family planning policy is unshakable. The government must strengthen the program and enforce it as a strategic policy in the long run.
3.Type:根据命题写作文
Question:Fighting against Corruption
Example:Fighting against Corruption
Chinese officials have made greater efforts to combat corruption which continues to spread seriously. And the Chinese people have gained much more awareness of supervising the corruption. There are some major cases in the battle against corrupt behavior. One case is the random collection of fees by some departments, which has been one of the major complaints made by citizens. Another case is that illegal acts in the banking sector and finance departments are also severely targeted. And the most frequently stressed case is to prevent officials from abusing their power and trading power for personal gain. Through the battle, mechanisms for strict supervision, severe punishment and anti-corruption controls over corrupt behavior have been reinforced.Clearly, the campaign is of great significance to the development of the national economy and the improvement of the moral of society. As is known to all, a clean and honest government is essential of consolidating state power and for the nation's continuing modernization drive.
4.Type：根据给出的提纲写作文
Question:
Advertisement
1． 广告给人们带来的益处。
2． 广告给人们带来的烦恼。
3． 如何正确利用广告的作用。
Example:
Advertisement can be a service to people. First, it is informative, and can help people buy and sell goods. Second, it can widen people's knowledge, and make people more experienced. Lastly, people can enjoy themselves through those programs which advertisements have been put into.
Some advertisements, however, are not very useful to people, sometimes even harmful. An advertisement like this, for example, may put thousands of women and girls into trouble. "Disillusioned with life, love, marriage? You need help. Phone me." And the Savior gives his phone number to his sheep.
In modern times, many advertisements are subjective rather than objective, persuasive rather than informative. The only purpose of these advertisements is to persuade people to buy their poorly made products. Therefore, it is wise for people to make sure the advertisements are telling the truth."