1997年全国硕士研究生入学考试英语试题及答案2
55. In the eyes of visitors from the outside world, _____.
A)rude taxi drivers are rarely seen in the US
B)small minded officials deserve a serious comment
C)Canadians are not so friendly as their neighbors
D)most Americans are ready to offer help
56. It could be inferred from the last paragraph that _____.
A)culture exercises an influence over social interrelationship
B)courteous convention and individual interest are interrelated
C)various virtues manifest themselves exclusively among friends
D)social interrelationships equal the complex set of cultural conventions
57. Families in frontier settlements used to entertain strangers _____.
A)to improve their hard life
B)in view of their long distance travel
C)to add some flavor to their own daily life
D)out of a charitable impulse
58. The tradition of hospitality to strangers _____.
A)tends to be superficial and artificial
B)is generally well kept up in the United States
C)is always understood properly
D)was something to do with the busy tourist trails
　
Passage 3
  Technically, any substance other than food that alters our bodily or mental functioning is a drug. Many people mistakenly believe the term drug refers only to some sort of medicine or an illegal chemical taken by drug addicts. They don't realize that familiar substances such as alcohol and tobacco are also drugs. This is why the more neutral term substance is now used by many physicians and psychologists. The phrase "substance abuse" is often used instead of "drug abuse" to make clear that substances such as alcohol and tobacco can be just as harmfully misused as heroin and cocaine.
  We live a society in which the medicinal and social use of substances (drugs) is pervasive: an aspirin to quiet a headache, some wine to be sociable, coffee to get going in the morning, a cigarette for the nerves. When do these socially acceptable and apparently constructive uses of a substance become misuses? First of all, most substances taken in excess will produce negative effects such as poisoning or intense perceptual distortions. Repeated use of a substance can also lead to physical addiction or substance dependence. Dependence is marked first by an increased tolerance, with more and more of the substance required to produce the desired effect, and then by the appearance of unpleasant withdrawal symptoms when the substance is discontinued.
  Drugs (substances) that affect the central nervous system and alter perception, mood, and behavior are known as psychoactive substances. Psychoactive substances are commonly grouped according to whether they are stimulants, depressants, or hallucinogens. Stimulants initially speed up or activate the central nervous system, whereas depressants slow it down. Hallucinogens have their primary effect on perception, distorting and altering it in a variety of ways including producing hallucinations. These are the substances often called psychedelic (from the Greek word meaning "mindmanifesting") because they seemed to radically alter one's state of consciousness.
59. "Substance abuse" (Line 5, Paragraph 1) is preferable to "drug abuse" in that _____.
A)substances can alter our bodily or mental functioning if illegally used
B)"drug abuse" is only related to a limited number of drug takers
C)alcohol and tobacco are as fatal as heroin and cocaine
D)many substances other than heroin or cocaine can also be poisonous
60. The word "pervasive" (Line 1, Paragraph 2) might mean _____.
A)widespread
B)overwhelming
C)piercing
D)fashionable
61. Physical dependence on certain substances results from _____.
A)uncontrolled consumption of them over long periods of time
B)exclusive use of them for social purposes
C)quantitative application of them to the treatment of diseases
D)careless employment of them for unpleasant symptoms
62. From the last paragraph we can infer that _____.
A)stimulants function positively on the mind
B)hallucinogens are in themselves harmful to health
C)depressants are the worst type of psychoactive substances
D)the three types of psychoactive substances are commonly used in groups
　
Passage 4
  No company likes to be told it is contributing to the moral decline of a nation. "Is this what you intended to accomplish with your careers?" Senator Robert Dole asked Time Warner executives last week. "You have sold your souls, but must you corrupt our nation and threaten our children as well?" At Time Warner, however, such questions are simply the latest manifestation of the soul searching that has involved the company ever since the company was born in 1990. It's a selfexamination that has, at various times, involved issues of responsibility, creative freedom and the corporate bottom line.
  At the core of this debate is chairman Gerald Levin, 56, who took over for the late Steve Ross in 1992. On the financial front, Levin is under pressure to raise the stock price and reduce the company's mountainous debt, which will increase to 17.3 billion after two new cable deals close. He has promised to sell off some of the property and restructure the company, but investors are waiting impatiently.
  The flap over rap is not making life any easier for him. Levin has consistently defended the company's rap music on the grounds of expression. In 1992, when Time Warner was under fire for releasing Ice T's violent rap song Cop Killer, Levin described rap as a lawful expression of street culture, which deserves an outlet. "The test of any democratic society," he wrote in a Wall Streel Journal column, "lies not in how well it can control expression but in whether it gives freedom of thought and expression the widest possible latitude, however disputable or irritating the results may sometimes be. We won't retreat in the face of any threats."
  Levin would not comment on the debate last week, but there were signs that the chairman was backing off his hard line stand, at least to some extent. During the discussion of rock singing verses at last month's stockholders' meeting, Levin asserted that "music is not the cause of society's ills" and even cited his son, a teacher in the Bronx, New York, who uses rap to communicate with students. But he talked as well about the "balanced struggle" between creative freedom and social responsibility, and he announced that the company would launch a drive to develop standards for distribution and labeling of potentially objectionable music.
  The 15 member Time Warner board is generally supportive of Levin and his corporate strategy. But insiders say several of them have shown their concerns in this matter. "Some of us have known for many, many years that the freedoms under the First Amendment are not totally unlimited," says Luce. "I think it is perhaps the case that some people associated with the company have only recently come to realize this."
63. Senator Robert Dole criticized Time Warner for _____.
A)its raising of the corporate stock price
B)its selfexamination of soul
C)its neglect of social responsibility
D)its emphasis on creative freedom
64. According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
A)Luce is a spokesman of Time Warner.
B)Gerald Levin is liable to compromise.
C)Time Warner is united as one in the face of the debate.
D)Stever Ross is no longer alive
65. In face of the recent attacks on the company, the chairman _____.
A)stuck to a strong stand to defend freedom of expression
B)softened his tone and adopted some new policy
C)changed his attitude and yielded to objection
D)received more support from the 15member board
66. The best title for this passage could be _____.
A)A Company under Fire
B)A Debate on Moral Decline
C)A Lawful Outlet of Street Culture
D)A Form of Creative Freedom
　
Passage 5
  Much of the language used to describe monetary policy, such as "steering the economy to a soft landing" or "a touch on the brakes", makes it sound like a precise science. Nothing could be further from the truth. The link between interest rates and inflation is uncertain. And there are long, variable lags before policy changes have any effect on the economy. Hence the analogy that likens the conduct of monetary policy to driving a car with a blackened windscreen, a cracked rear view mirror and a faulty steering wheel.
  Given all these disadvantages, central bankers seem to have had much to boast about of late. Average inflation in the big seven industrial economies fell to a mere 2.3% last year, close to its lowest level in 30 years, before rising slightly to 2.5% this July. This is a long way below the double digit rates which many countries experienced in the 1970s and early 1980s.
  It is also less than most forecasters had predicated. In late 1994 the panel of economists which The Economist polls each month said that America's inflation rate would average 3.5% in 1995. In fact, it fell to 2.6% in August, and expected to average only about 3% for the year as a whole. In Britain and Japan inflation is running half a percentage point below the rate predicted at the end of last year. This is no flash in the pan; over the past couple of years, inflation has been consistently lower than expected in Britain and America.
  Economists have been particularly surprised by favorable inflation figures in Britain and the United States, since conventional measures suggest that both economies, and especially America's, have little productive slack. America's capacity utilization, for example, his historically high levels earlier this year, and its jobless rate (5.6% in August) has fallen bellow most estimates of the natural rate of unemployment - the rate below which inflation has taken off in the past.
  Why has inflation proved so mild? The most thrilling explanation is, unfortunately, a little defective. Some economists argue that powerful structural changes in the world have up ended the old economic models that were based upon the historical link between growth and inflation.
67. From the passage we learn that _____.
A)there is a definite relationship between inflation and interest rates
B)economy will always follow certain models
C)the economic situation is better than expected
D)economists had foreseen the present economic situation
68. According to the passage, which of the following is TRUE?
A)Making monetary policies is comparable to driving a car
B)An extremely low jobless rate will lead to inflation
C)A high unemployment rate will result from inflation
D)Interest rates have an immediate effect on the economy
69. The sentence "This is no flash in the pan" (Line 5, Paragraph 3) means that _____.
A)the low inflation rate will last for some time
B)the inflation rate will soon rise
C)the inflation will disappear quickly
D)there is no inflation at present
70. The passage shows that the author is _____ the present situation.
A)critical of
B)puzzled by
C)disappointed at
D)amazed at
　
Part IV English Chinese Translation
Directions:Read the following passage carefully and then translate the underlined sentences into Chinese. Your translation must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET. (15 points).
  Do animals have rights? This is how the question is usually put. It sounds like a useful, groundclearing way to start. 71) Actually, it isn't, because it assumes that there is an agreed account of human rights, which is something the world does not have.
  On one view of rights, to be sure, it necessarily follows that animals have none. 72) Some philosophers argue that rights exist only within a social contract, as part of an exchange of duties and entitlements. Therefore, animals cannot have rights. The idea of punishing a tiger that kills somebody is absurd, for exactly the same reason, so is the idea that tigers have rights. However, this is only one account, and by no means an uncontested one. It denies rights not only to animals but also to some people - for instance to infants, the mentally incapable and future generations. In addition, it is unclear what force a contract can have for people who never consented to it, how do you reply to somebody who says "I don't like this contract"?
  The point is this: without agreement on the rights of people, arguing about the rights of animals is fruitless. 73) It leads the discussion to extremes at the outset: it invites you to think that animals should be treated either with the consideration humans extend to other humans, or with no consideration at all. This is a false choice. Better to start with another, more fundamental, question: is the way we treat animals a moral issue at all?
  Many deny it. 74) Arguing from the view that humans are different from animals in every relevant respect, extremists of this kind think that animals lie outside the area of moral choice. Any regard for the suffering of animals is seen as a mistake - a sentimental displacement of feeling that should properly be directed to other humans.
  This view which holds that torturing a monkey is morally equivalent to chopping wood, may seem bravely "logical". In fact it is simply shallow: the confused center is right to reject it. The most elementary form of moral reasoning - the ethical equivalent of learning to crawl - is to weigh others' interests against one's own. This in turn requires sympathy and imagination: without there is no capacity for moral thought. To see an animal in pain is enough, for most, to engage sympathy. 75) When that happens, it is not a mistake: it is mankind's instinct for moral reasoning in action, an instinct that should be encouraged rather than laughed at.
71._______________.
72._______________.
73._______________.
74._______________.
75._______________.
Part V Writing (15 points)
Directions:
A.Study the following set of pictures carefully and write an essay in no less than 120.
B.Your essay must be written clearly on the ANSWER SHEET.
C.Your essay should cover all the information provided and meet the requirements below:
1. Interpret the following pictures.
2.Predict the tendency of tobacco consumption and give your reason.
Key
Part I Structure and Vocabulary
Section A(1-10)
BDADCBACDB
Section B(11-20)
CBCBCACDDB
Section C(21-40)
ABDACBAACDACACDBDBCD
Part II Cloze Test(41-50)
ACDABDCBAD
Part III Reading Comprehension(51-70)
DBACDACBDAABCDBACBAD
Part IV English Chinese Translation
71.事实并非如此，因为这种问法是以人们对人的权利有共同认识为基础的，而这种共同认识并不存在。
72.有些哲学家论证说，权利只存在在于社会契约中，是责任与权益相交换的一部分。
73.这种说法从一开始就将讨论引向两个极端，它使人们认为应这样对待动物：要么像对人类自身一样关切体谅，要么完全冷漠无情。
74.这类人持极端看法，认为人与动物在各相关方面都不相同，对待动物无须考虑道德问题。
75.这种反应并不错，这是人类用道德观念进行推理的本能在起作用，这种本能应得到鼓励，而不应遭到嘲弄。
Part V Writing
样题 1
  We meet smokers everywhere: in the streets, on college campuses and in shops. There are 5.8 billion people in the world, and the smokers are about 1.1 billion, which makes up 20 percent of the world's total population.
  Smoking is very harmful. I think there are two main aspects to the damage. First, smoking consumes a great deal of money. As is shown in the pictorial graph, smiling wastes 200 billion dollars each year in the world. Second, smoking does harm to the health of smokers, and it is the main cause of lung cancer. About 3 million people die because of the relevant diseases derived from smoking every year.
  Because more and more people are aware of the great harm of smoking to humans, the amount of tobacco consumption is on the decrease. From the following figures we can clearly see the tendency. The total amount of world tobacco production added up to 14.364 billion pounds in 1994, but it dropped to 14.2 billion pounds in 1995. At the same time, many countries call on people to give up smoking. So it is certain that the number of smokers is to decrease.
  
样题 2
About Tobacco Consumption
  From the above set of pictures, we can see that there were a total of 14.364 billion pounds of tobacco produced in 1994 and 14.2 billion pounds in 1995. Because the amount of tobacco production is falling yearly, it can be predicted that the tendency of tobacco consumption would also be falling yearly. There are many reasons. Firstly, smoking wastes money. Every year there are two hundred billion dollars "burnt" in the cigarette "fire". Secondly, smoking would hardly do people any good and it can even cause cancer. Every year there are three million people "buried" in the cigarette "tomb".
  Although tobacco consumption is falling, there are too many people who smoke. The population in the world is 5.8 billion, but about twenty percent of the population, that is to say 1.1 billion people, smoke. So the situation is serious and the movement against smoking is still a difficult task.
评语：上边两篇作文内容符合要求，包括对各图的说明，对趋势的预测及理由，数字表达正确，语言较好，表达能力较强，长度符合要求。得14分
样题 3
  The total product of tobacco was 14.364 billion pounds in 1994. In 1995 the total product of tobacco in the world decreased to 14.2 billion pounds. The population of the world is 5.8 billion. The number of smokers is 1.1 billion, which is 20% of the population in the world. Every year 200 billion dollars is wasted owing to smoking and 3 million people die of smoking.
  From the total product of tobacco in the world we can draw a conclusion that the tendency of tobacco consumption is decreased. I think that there are two reasons. One reason is that more and more people realize that smoking is harmful for health and give up smoking. The other one is that smoking is forbidden in the popular area in more and more countries. The two reasons lead to the decreasing tendency of tobacco consumption in the world.
  
样题 4
  From the pictures, we first know that there are a lot of smoking people in the world. The number of the whole population in the world is 5.8 billion, and the number of smoking people is 1.1 billion. So the percentage of smoking person is about 20. It is a large ratio.
  Secondly we know from the pictures that tobacco gives us only disaster. Each year it devours 200 billion dollars and deprives 3 million people of their lives. It is horrible.
  Luckily nowadays more and more people begin to pay attention to their health. Thus I think the tendency of tobacco consumption will descend. From the pictures we also know that the output of the tobacco is declining, from 14.364 billion pounds in 1994 to 14.2 billion pounds in 1995.
评语：上边样题 3和样题 4这两篇作文内容符合要求，包括对各图的说明，对趋势的预测及理由，数字表达正确，思想表达清楚，文字连贯，句式变化较多，结构与用词有少量一般性错误，长度符合要求。得11分
样题 5
  As shown in the pictures, we can see that the total tobacco product is 14.364 billion pounds in 1994, while it is 14.2 billion pounds in 1995. The whole population of earth is 5.8 billion, but the human beings who keeps smoking is 1.1 billion, maintaining the proportion of 20 percent. Owing to the cigarette, 200 billion dollars were wasted, 3 million people die of smoking annually.
  From the figure given in the chart, we can come to a conclusion that the total tobacco consumption will decrease. There are reasons for the dropping consumption. First, more and more people believe smoking do harm to health, waste money. So a lot of people begin to give up smoking. Second, forbidding smoking in public areas cause people conscious that smoking is a bad habit. Therefor, I believe more and more will give up smoking with the advancement of society.
样题 6
  From the pictures, we can draw a conclusion that the tobacco consumption in the world is rather high.
  In 1994, the total product of tobacco is 14.364 billion pounds and in 1995, is 14.2 billion pounds. There are a great number of smokers in the world - the number of 1.1 billion. That is to say, of the 5.8 billion people, 20 percent have the habit of smoking.
  For the sake of high tobacco consumption, 2000 billion dollars are lost and 3000 thousand people lose their lives every year.
  In my opinion, the consumption of tobacco will decrease as more and more people have come to know the damage of the tobacco. This can be found in the pictures. Smoking leads to many problems such as lung cancer, economic loss and pollution of the air.
  For abovementioned reasons. I believe the consumption of tobacco will decrease and all the problem it causes will be solved.
评语：样题 5和样题 6这两篇作文内容符合要求，包括对各图的说明，对趋势的预测及理由，表达基本清楚，但结构与用词错误较多，数字表达有误，长度符合要求。得8分
样题 7
  Today, many countries product all kinds of tobacco. Almost every shop has tobacco. In 1994, the tobacco consumption has get to 143.64 billion pounds. So much tobacco can be sell out every year. The population of the world is 58 million. But, smokers in the world have 11 million. It is about 20% of world population.
  We all know, smoking has a great harm to people. Every year about 300 million people died desease that deprive from smoking. Smoking use much money every year. About 2000 million dollars.
  We can see, smoking is so much harmness. So, we advocate all of people have't smoke.
  In 1995, the tobacco consumption has 142 million pounds, much less that in 1994. Because many people of smoking already think the smoking has no advantage, only bring illness.
  We hope all of the world, it is no people smoke in the future.
样题 8
On Smoking
  In the whole world the tobacco consumption has being decrease. According to the figure given in the data, we can see tobacco consumption was about 143.64 billion pounds in 1994, and about 142 billion pounds in 1995. Why are there on the decrease?
  I think there are two reasons. In the first place, smoking is do harm to people health. For example, it is may be responsible for lung cancer. There are about 300 thousand people died of smoking every year. Secondly, smoking cost a great deal. Every year money spend on smoking is about 200000000.
    As a result, when people realize this, they begin to give up smoking.
    But I must point out that smoker all over the world still account for 20%, about 11000000. So we must educate people give up smoking.
评语：样题 7和样题 8内容基本符合要求，语句尚可理解，但结构与用词错误多，有些是严重错误，数字表达错误，长度符合要求。得5分
样题 9
  In wave of economic reform, more and more people have realize the damage of smoking. It is obvious. Smoking has not any benefit to man's health, but as is know to all, everything has two sides. The taxs of tobacco are main resource of nation finasal. So the government of all country have to permit the product of tobacco. According to the figure, we can see the sum production of tobacco very great, 143.64 billion pounds in 1994, 142 billion pounds in 1995. The number of smoking man is 20% during world population. Smoking damages not only human's body but also waste lot of money. For example, there are 2000 billion dollar spending in tobacco and 300 million people die in smoking.
  I think the tendency of tobacco consumprion have be taken down. I should try my best to depress the damage of smoking.
样题 10
  It is said that smoking do harm. I realy agree with it.
  Everyone in world know that smoking is not good habit, at the same time, so many warns with the words "No Smoking" everywhere. But on the other hand, there is lots of people are fond of smoking. as a result, every year about 200 billion dollars are to smoking, as well as 30 million people dies from it. How can these more than one billion people about one fifth ration give up smoking? It is always problem.
  In word, smoking is harmful, we should give up.
评语：样题 9和样题 10这两篇作文内容与本题要求部分有关，除事先备好但与要求不符的语句外，结构与用词错误多且严重，词不达意，条理不清，不成篇章，数字表达混乱。得2分。
样题 11
The Tobacco Is Harmful To Us
  Some of us are favour of smoking and consider that is enjoyable. In actually, it isn't.
  The are fiftyeight million people in world, but the smoker is twenty percent, about eleven thousand million people. Because of this, the circle around of us is pollusion, the health of human is very had. There are three hundred million people die for smoking every year. Moreover 2000 thousand million lost every year.
评语：语句几乎无一正确，数字表达混乱，长度不合要求。得0分。
样题 12
  From the figures we can see smoking is harmful to people's health. On one hand, it cause many diseases; on the other, it costs a lot of money. But today people all over the world still smoke a lot. Some people smoke out of habit. Others enjoy smoking, and find it is good for their nerves when they are tired. And still others smoke to be sociable: they like to offer fridns cigarette when talking business with others.
  But as we all know doctors have warned people that tobacco is very dangerous to the smokers and may cause all kind of illness, including the cancer of lung. Many deaths are caused every year. And the government too are taking measures to prevent people from smoking.
  As far as I am concerned. I think smoking is a great evil that should be abolished. I think government should take stronger measures to eventually ban tobacco all together.
评语：套用事先备好的文章，但文不对题，不能给分。得0分。
