TOEFL READING 1996/05
Orchids are unique in having the most highly developed of all blossoms, in which the usual male and female reproductive organs are fused in a single structure called the column. The column is designed so that a single pollination will fertilize hundreds of thousands, and in some cases millions, of seeds, so microscopic and light they are easily carried by the breeze. Surrounding the column are three sepals and three petals, sometimes easily recognizable as such, often distorted into gorgeous, weird, but always functional shapes. The most noticeable of the petals is called the labellum, or lip. It is often dramatically marked as an unmistakable landing strip to attract the specific insect the orchid has chosen as its pollinator.
To lure their pollinators from afar, orchids use appropriately intriguing shapes, colors, and scents. At least 50 different aromatic compounds have been analyzed in the orchid family, each blended to attract one, or at most a few, species of insects or birds. Some orchids even change their scents to interest different insects at different times.
Once the right insect has been attracted, some orchids present all sorts of one-way obstacle courses to make sure it does not leave until pollen has been accurately placed or removed. By such ingenious adaptations to specific pollinators, orchids have avoided the hazards of rampant crossbreeding in the wild, assuring the survival of species as discrete identities. At the same time they have made themselves irresistible to collectors.
重点单词：
orchid : n. 兰花,淡紫色
blossom : n. 花,花开的状态,兴旺期;vi. 开花,兴旺,发展
reproductive : a. 生殖的,再生的
organ : n. 风琴,嗓音,器官,元件,机构,机关
fuse : n. 保险丝,导火线;vt. vi. 熔化,融合
column : n. 专栏,圆柱,纵队;n. 列,柱形图
pollination : n. 授粉
fertilize : vt. 施肥,使丰饶,使受精
microscopic : a. 微观的
breeze : n. 微风,煤屑,轻而易举的事;vi. 吹微风,逃走
sepal : n. 萼片
petal : n. 花瓣
distort : vt. 扭曲,歪曲
gorgeous : a. 华丽的,灿烂的
weird : a. 怪异的,超自然的,不可思议的,超乎事理之外的;n. 命运,预言,符咒
functional : a. 功能的
shape : n. 形状,形态,外形,身材,形式,定形;vt. 定形,使成形,塑造,计划,使符合;vi. 成形,形成,成长
noticeable : a. 引人注目的,显明的,值得注意的
petal : n. 花瓣
labellum : n. 唇瓣
dramatically : ad. 戏剧地,引人注目地
unmistakable : adj. 明白的,无误的,不会弄错的
landing : n. 登陆,码头,降落
strip : n. 长条,条状,带,脱衣舞;vt. 脱衣,被剥去,剥夺,拆卸;vi. 脱衣服
attract : vt. 吸引,诱惑;vi. 有吸引力
pollinate : vt. 对...授粉
lure : n. 饵,诱惑;vt. 引诱,诱惑
afar : ad. 由远处,遥远地
appropriate : a. 适当的
intriguing : a. 吸引人的,有趣的
scent : n. 气味,香味,香水,线索,痕迹,嗅觉,臭迹,踪迹;vt. 闻出,嗅,发觉,循着遗臭追踪,使充满气味;vi. 嗅猎,发出气味
aromatic : a. 芬芳的
compound : n. 混合物,复合字,院子,复方;a. 复合的,混合的,合成的;vi. 混合,调合,妥协;vt. 使复合,使化合
blend : vt. 混和;n. 混和
obstacle : n. 障碍,妨害物,阻碍
pollen : n. 花粉;vt. 传授花粉给
ingenious : a. 灵敏的,精巧的,聪明的
adaptation : n. 改编,适应,改编成的作品
avoid : vt. 避免,消除
hazard : n. 冒险,危险,机会;vt. 冒...的危险,赌运气,使遭危险
rampant : a. 猖獗的,蔓生的,猛烈的,跃立的
crossbreed : n. 杂种;vt. vi. 异种交配,培育杂种,(使)杂交
assuring : a. 保证的,确信的,使人有自信的
survival : n. 留住生命,生存,残存,幸存者
discrete : a. 不连续的,离散的
identity : n. 相同,身份,一致,特性,恒等式
irresistible : a. 不可抵抗的,不能压制的