TOEFL袈猟155鐙銭墮(66、67、70)
[66]
　　Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Should do anything they can to make a profit. Use specific reasons and examples to support your position.
　　After I get my degree, I plan to start a business. My goal is to make money, a lot of money. However, I can not forget that there are more important things in life than earning a profit. I must consider the people I work with,the customers I serve, and the community I live in.
　　My colleagues are a very important part of my business. Without them, I would not have a business. I depend on them to help me carry on the day-to- day operations. I depend on them for their advice on what to sell and how to sell it. I must compensate them for their work. Ican not take large profits without sharing with the people who make it responsible.
　　Similarly, I would not have a business without my customers. I can never forget that they could take their business elsewhere. I must give them good value for their money. I can not overcharge them. I must also remember that money is as important to them as it is to me. I want my customers to trust me and keep coming back.
　　My employees and I all live in the same community as our customers. We are a part of the social life of our community. We can not ignore it.We must play an active part in it. I feel it is important that some of the profits my business earns from the community. be returned to the community.
　　We need to support community programs like summer jobs for high school students, compaigns to clean up the parks, and the efforts to make the shopping area more attractive
　　A business must make profits, but we all-workers, customers, community- must profit from a succesful business.
　　[67]
　　Some people are always in a hurry to go places and get things done.
　　Other people prefer to take their time and live life at a slower place. Which do you prefer? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.
　　Life is short. Haste makes waste. What is your hurry? These three sayings characterize the way I manage my day to day chores. I don't want to rush through things. I prefer to take my time.
　　Life is short. You never know what may happen tomorrow so it is important to enjoy today. Of course ,some people will say that is why it is important to cram a lotsintosa day. But then, how would you possible have time to enjoy all of those experiences. By doing a few things slowly and doing them well, you can savor the experience.
　　Haste makes wast. We are not machines. We can not rush through things mechanically. If we do, we might forget something; we might take shortcuts. By taking our time, we can do a chore carefuly, completely and correctly.
　　What's your hurry?swheresis the fire? I don't see any need to rush to the next experience. There is still a lot to see and learn from the chores around you. Taking care of your baby brother for instance can be very rewarding. You could simply keep him near you while you watch TV and write a letter and talk on the phone. Or you could devote your whole attention to him and observe his reactions to his enviroment. You can observe carefully, if you are not trying to do four things at the same time.
　　To twist a common saying, "Don't just do something ,sit there!" Take life easy and savor each minute. Life is shorter than you think.
　　[70]
　　Do you agree or disagree with the following statement? Teachers should be paid according to how much their students learn. Give specific reasons and examples to support your opinion.
　　Some communities have decided to base evaluations of teachers on students'test scores. It's these evaluations that determine how much teachers will be paid. I don't think this is a very good idea for several reasons.
　　First of all, if teaches' salaries are going to be based on how much students learn, then some teachers will start to teach their students only what they need to get high scores. This means that students will miss out on a lot of evaluation that can't be measured on a test.
　　For instance, one of the best methods to help students understand a subject is encouraging them to discuss it. A common practice is to divide the classsintosgroups, have eachsgroupsdiscuss the subject, and then have them report back to the whole class. This kind of shared learning can lead to a fuller understanding. It also teaches students how to discuss and debate ideas.However, it doesn't supply acts to show off on a test.
　　Another problem with basing teachers'salaries on how much their students learn is that teachers may ignore students who have learning difficulties.
　　Some students learn more slowly than others and need more personal attention. If a teacher is worried about tests, he may feel he has to push the majority of the students to cram facts. That effort will take all his time. He won't be able to help the less able students.
　　It is true that there are teachers who" worn ou"after many years teaching and just don't care how much their students learn. Basing their salaries on their students 's test score may improve their efforts. However, it is not fare for the majority of teachers. They deserve and need to be judged by other criteria.