TOEFL ‘Ã‚£®98.1£©
”Ô∑®     ‘ƒ∂¡
B
1. Between 1870 and 1 890 the total population of tile United States---.
(A) that doubled
(B) doubled
(C) It doubled
(D) when doubled
2. Intended to display the work of twentieth-century artists, in 1929.
(A) the opening of the Museum of Modern Art
(B) so the Museum of Modern Art opened
(C) why tile Museum of Modern Art opened
(D) the Museum of Modern Art opened
3. The Earth has a tremendous amount of water, but--- in the ocean.
(A) almost all of it is
(B) it is almost all of
(C) is of it almost all
(D) all is of it almost
4. --- have sense organs in a canal known as the lateral line, which allows them to respond to changes in water pressure caused by nearby motion.
(A) That tile fish
(B) Fish
(C) When fish
(D) If tile fish
5. Direct information on the chemical composition of the Moon became available in 1969 --- of the first Apollo mission to land on the Moon.
(A) with tile return
(B) returning
(C) when returned
(D) and the return
6. --- completely harmless to the environment is very difficult and usually economically unsound.
(A) Cleaning products that
(B) Cleaning products are
(C) Cleaning products are made
(D) Making a cleaning product
7. One of Ulysses S. Grant's first acts as President of the United States was to name tile Seneca chief Donehogawa --- of Indian Affairs.
(A) as was Commissioner
(B) Commissioner
(C) was Commissioner
(D) him Commissioner
8. One of the most ancient arts,--- in different parts of the world.
(A) for weaving to develop independently
(B) the independent development of weaving
(C) weaving, to develop independently
(D) weaving developed independently
9. --- classified as a carnivore, the North American grizzly bear cats berries and even grass.
(A) Just as
(B) Because of
(C) Although
(D) Either
10. Not only --- much bigger than any planet, but unlike the planets, it consists completely of gaseous material.
(A) the Sun is
(B) the Sun, which is
(C) is the Sun
(D) that the Sun
11. Colloquialisms,---of informal spoken language, are often considered inappropriate for more formal written language.
(A) expression which are characteristic
(B) which characteristic expressions
(C) are expressions characteristic
(D) expressions can be characteristic
12. Her work in genetics won United States scientist Barbara McClintock ----- in 1983.
(A) was the Nobel Prize
(B) the Nobel Prize was
(C) the Nobel Prize
(D) for the Nobel Prize
13. --- usually thought to end in northern New Mexico, the Rocky Mountains really extend
southward to the frontier of Mexico.
(A) Despite
(B) To be
(C) While
(D) However
14. The novelist Edith Wharton considered the Writer Henry James
(A) that a strong influence on her work
(B) as strong influence on her work
(C) a strong influence on her work
(D) was a strong influence on her work
15. Ironically, the poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow claimed he never liked teaching, although a professor at Harvard University and taught for many years.
(A) becoming
(B) he became
(C) had lie become
(D) for him to become
16. The hind leg(A) of the gerbil are particularly(B) well adapted to(C) leaping across(D) its desert habitat.
17. Educator(A) Helen Magill White was the first(B) American woman to have earn(C) the Ph.D. degree(D).
18. The changes that occur(A) in the life cycle(B) of a butterfly or moth are probable(C) the most striking examples(D) of metamorphosis.
19. In the nineteenth century, North American locomotives ran(A) on hardwood fuel(B),Which was inexpensive(D) and plentiful in the time.
20. Much(A) theories have been(B) developed concerning how(C) people learn about cultures from the myths and legends passed down from one generation to   another(D).
21. Several comet(A) are discovered each year, but very few of them(B) are bright(C) enough to be seen(D) without the aid or magnification.
22. Charles Monroe Schulz's comic(A) strip "Peanuts" is translated into(B) 26 languages also(C) has appeared in over 2,300 daily(D) newspapers.
23. In human beings the liver is(A) the biggest(B) glandular organ(C) of his(D) digestive system.
24. Many scientists(A) contributed to(B) the development of(C) television, whether(D) no one person can be said to have invented it.
25. Northern Canada contains(A) vast areas treeless(B) of low(C) vegetation known(D) as tundra.
26. Gordon Parks composed wrote(A), and directed Martin, the(B) classical ballet who(C)Examines the meaning of the life of(D) Martin Luther King. Jr.
27. In 1965 Rodolfo Gonzales has estab1ished(A) an organization(B) called(C) the Crusade For Justice in(D)  Denver, Colorado.
28. Large, heavy(A) draft horses were commonly(B) used for labor farm(C) in the United States before the(D)  introduction of tractors.
29.Herads of migrating caribou, members(A) of the deer family arc an important(B) economically(C) resource to Inuits and other Native Americans.
30. Some(A) nineteenth-century advocates(B) for the emancipation of women in the United States were also activity(C) in the Underground Railroad, helping(D) slaves to  escape.
31. Feathers not only(A) protect birds from injury and conserve(B) body heat but also function in flight(C). courtship, camouflage, and sensory perceptive(D).
32. The radio telescope, invented(A) in 1932, has capabilities(B) beyond far(C) those ofoptical telescopes in tracking(D) signals from galaxies.
33. Rafting was an(A) essential mean(B) of transportation(C) from prehistoric times(D) to thenineteenth century.
34. Many fortification(A) rank among the most(B) functional and beautiful works of(C)architecture constructed(D) in North America before the twentieth century.
35. Because(A) her work was popular with(B) European royally, Harriet Goodhue Hosmer became financial(C) successful as a sculptor in the(D) mid-eighteen hundreds.°°
36. The actor(A) James Earl Jones gained(B) Broadway stardom in "The Great Whitehope" for his powerful(C) portrayal of prizefighter(D).
37. Despite(A) fats and oils arc nutritionally(B) important as(C) energy sources, medical research indicates(D) that saturated fats may contribute to hardening of the arteries.
38. Large multicolored insects with(A) four wings, dragonflies play(B) a very important role in the ecosystem of humid area(C) by controlling(D) the population of mosquitoes.
39. During(A) early nineteenth-century Boston. the architect(B) Charles Bulfinch, eager to make the city beautiful, sometimes provided(C) free plans for people building homes(D).
40. In 1889 Jane Addams, a social worker in Chicago, founded hull house, an institution(A) devoted(B) to the improvement(C) of community life in poor neighborhood(D).
C
Question 1-9
Although social changes in the United States were being wrought throughout most of the nineteenth-century,, public awareness of the changes increased to new levels in the 1890's. The acute, growing public awareness of the social changes that had been taking place for some time was tied to tremendous growth in popular journalism in the late nineteenth century, including growth in quantity and circulation of both magazines and newspapers. These developments, in addition to the continued growth of cities, were significant factors in the transformation of society from one characterized by relatively isolated self-contained communities into an urban, industrial nation. The decade of the 1870's, for example, was a period in which the sheer number of newspapers doubled, and by 1880 the New York Graphic had published the first photographic reproduction in a newspaper, portending a dramatic rise in newspaper readership. Between 1882 and 1886 alone, the price of daily newspapers dropped from four cents a copy to one cent, made possible in part by a great increase in demand. Further more, the introduction in 1890 of the first successful linotype machine promised even further growth. In 1872 only two daily newspapers could claim a circulation of over 100,000,but by 1892 seven more newspapers exceeded that figure. A world beyond the immediate community was rapidly becoming visible.
But it was not newspapers alone that were bringing the new awareness to people In the United States in the late nineteenth century. Magazines as they are known today began publication around 1882, and, in fact, the circulation of weekly magazines exceeded that of newspapers in the period which followed. By 1892, for example, the circulation of the Ladies' Home Journal had reached an astounding 700,000. An increase in book readership also played a significant part in this general trend. For example, Edward Bellamy's utopian novel, Looking Backward, sold over a million copies in 1888, giving rise to the growth of organizations dedicated to the realization of Bellamy's vision of the future. The printed word, unquestionably. was intruding on the insulation that had characterized United Slates society in an earlier period.
1. The word "acute" in line 3 is closest in meaning to
(A) useful
(B) intense
(C) genuine
(D)controversial
2. According to the passage, the expansion of popular journalism was linked to
(A) changes in the distribution system
(B) a larger supply of paper
(C) an increase in people's awareness of social changes
(D) greater numbers of journalists
3.According to the passage , the New York Graphic's inclusion of photographs contributed to
(A) the closing of newspapers that did not use photographs
(B) newspapers becoming more expensive
(C) an increase in the number of people reading newspapers
(D) a reduction in the cost of advertising
4. Why was there a drop in the price of daily newspapers between 1882 and 1886 ?
(A) There was a rise in demand.
(B) Newspapers had fewer pages.
(C) Newspapers contained photographic reproductions.
(D) Magazines began to compete with newspapers.
5.The word "exceeded" in line 16 is closest in meaning to
(A) controlled
(B) surpassed
(C) affected
(D) equaled
6. What does the author mean by the statement " A world beyond the immediate community was rapidly becoming visible" in lilies 16-11 ?
(A) Photographs made newspapers more interesting.
(B) The United Slates exported newspapers to other countries.
(C) People were becoming increasingly aware of national and international issues.
(D) Communities remained isolated despite the growth of popular journalism
7. The word " that" in line 21 refers to
(A) century
(B) publication
(C) circulation
(D) period
8. The word "astounding" in line 22 is closest in meaning to
(A) surprising
(B) estimated
(C) encouraging
(D) sudden
9. Why does the author mention Edward Bellamy's novel Looking Backward?
(A) To illustrate how advanced the technology of printing had become
(B) To emphasize the influence of the printed word on a society undergoing rapid change
(C) To document its prediction about the popularity of newspapers
(D) To demonstrate that hooks had replaced newspapers and magazines as the leading source of information
Question 10-19
Glass is a remarkable substance made from the simplest raw materials. It can be colored or colorless, monochrome or polychrome, transparent, translucent, or opaque. It is lightweight impermeable to liquids, readily cleaned and reused , durable yet fragile, and often very beautiful Glass can be decorated in multiple ways and its optical properties are exceptional. In all its myriad forms - as table ware, containers, in architecture and design - glass represents a major achievement in the history of technological developments.
Since the Bronze Age about 3,000 B.C., glass lias been used for making various kinds of objects. It was first made from a mixture of silica, line and an alkali such as soda or potash, and these remained the basic ingredients of glass until the development of lead glass in the seventeenth century. When heated , the mixture becomes soft and malleable and can be formed by various techniques into a vast array of shapes and sizes. The homogeneous mass thus formed by melting then cools to create glass, but in contrast to most materials formed in this way (metals, for instance), glass lacks the crystalline structure normally associated with solids, and instead retains the random molecular structure of a liquid. In effect, as molten glass cools, it progressively stiffens until rigid, but does so without setting up a network of interlocking crystals customarily associated with that process. This is why glass shatters so easily when dealt a blow. Why glass deteriorates over time, especially when exposed to moisture, and why glassware must be slowly reheated and uniformly cooled after manufacture to release internal stresses Induced by uneven cooling.
Another unusual feature of glass is the manner in which its viscosity changes as it turns from a cold substance into a hot, ductile liquid. Unlike metals that flow or "freeze" at specific temperatures glass progressively softens as the temperature rises, going through varying stages of malleability until it flows like a thick syrup. Each stage of malleability allows the glass to be manipulated into various forms, by different techniques, and if suddenly cooled the object retains the shape achieved at that point. Glass is thus amenable to a greater number of heat-forming techniques than most other materials.
10. Why does the author list the characteristics of glass in lines 1-5?
(A) To demonstrate how glass evolved
(B) To show the versatility of glass
(C) To explain glassmaking technology
(D) To explain the purpose of each component of glass
11. The word "durable"' in hue 3 is closest in meaning to
(A) lasting
(B) delicate
(C) heavy
(D) Plain
12. What does the author imply about the raw materials used to make glass?
(A) They were the same for centuries.
(B) They arc liquid
(C) They are transparent
(D) They are very heavy.
13. According to the passage, how is glass that has cooled and become rigid different from most other rigid substances?
(A) It has an interlocking crystal network.
(B) It has an unusually low melting temperature.
(C) It has varying physical properties.
(D) It has a random molecular structure.
14. The word "customarily" in line 13 is closest in meaning to
(A) naturally
(B) necessarily
(C) usually
(D) certainly
15. The words "exposed to" in line 19 are closest in meaning to
(A) hardened by
(B) chilled with
(C) subjected to
(D) deprived of
16. What must be done to release the internal stresses that build up in glass products during manufacture?
(A) the glass must be reheated and evenly cooled.
(B) the glass must be cooled quickly.
(C) The glass must be kept moist until cooled.
(D) The glass must be shaped to its desired form immediately
17. The word "induced" in line 21 is closest in meaning to
(A) joined
(B) missed
(C) caused
(D) lost
18. The word "it" in line 22 refers to
(A) feature
(B) glass
(C) manner
(D) viscosity
19. According to the passage. why can glass be more easily shaped into specific forms than can metals
(A)It resists breaking when heated
(B)It has better optical properties.
(C)It retains heat while its viscosity changes.
(D) It gradually becomes softer as its temperature rises.
Question 20-30
A great deal can be learned from the actual traces of ancient human locomotion: the footprints of early hominids. The best-known specimens are the remarkable tracks discovered at Lactoli, Tanzania, by Mary Leaky. These were left by small hominids around 3.6 to 3.75 million years ago, according to potassium - argon dates of the volcanic rocks above and below this level. These hominids walked across a stretch of moist volcanic ash, which was subsequently turned to mud by rain, and which then set like concrete.
Examination of he shape of the prints revealed to Mary Leakey that the feet had a raised arch, a rounded heel, a pronounced ball, and a big toe that pointed forward. These features, together with the weight-bearing pressure patterns, resembled the prints of upright-walking modern humans. The pressures exerted along the foot, together with the length of stride, which averaged 87 centimeters, indicated that the hominids had been walking slowly. In short, all the detectable morphological features implied that the feet that left the footprints were very little different from those of contemporary humans.
A detailed study has been made of the prints using photogrammetry, a technique for obtaining measurements through photographs, which created a drawing showing all the curves and contours of the prints. The result emphasized that there were at least seven points of similarity with modern bipedal prints, such as the depth of the heel impression, and the deep imprint of the big toe. M Day and E. Wickens also took stereophotographs of the Lactoli prints and compared them with modern prints make by men and women in similar soil conditions. Once again, the results furnished possible evidence of bipedalism. Footprints thus provide us not merely with rare impressions of the soft tissue of early hominids, but also with evidence of upright waling that in many ways is clearer than can be obtained from the analysis of bones.
The study of fossil footprints is not restricted to examples from such remote periods. Hundreds of prints are known, for example, in French caves dating from the end of the last ices age, approximately 10,000 years ago. Research by Leon Pales, using detailed silicon resin molds of footprints mostly made by bare feet, has provided information about this period.
20. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A)The analysis of footprint fossils
(B)Accurate dating of hominid remains
(C) the career of Mary Leakey
(D)Behavioral patterns of early humans
21. The word "remarkable" in line 2 is closest in meaning to
(A) extraordinary
(B) enormous
(C) various
(D) orderly
22.The age of the Laetoli footprints was estimated by
(A) testing the fossilized bones of the hominids
(B) studying the shape of the footprints
(C) analyzing nearly rock layers
(D) comparison with footprints from other locations
23.It can be inferred that the footprints in volcanic ash at Laetoli were well preserved because
(A) they were buried by a second volcanic eruption
(B) the ash contained potassium anti argon
(C) the ash was still warm from the volcanic cruptions
(D) suitable conditions caused the ash 10 harden
24. Which or the following is NOT mentioned as a characteristic of the feet in Mary Leakey's fossil find?
(A)The shape or the heel
(B)The number of toes
(C)A raised arch
(D) A pronounced ball
25. The word "exerted" in line 11 is closest in meaning to
(A) influenced
(B) applied
(C) returned
(D) lessened
26. The figure of 87 centimeters mentioned in line 1 2 refers to the size of the
(A) objects carried by the hominids
(B) steps taken by the hominids
(C) hominids bodies
(D) hominids feet
27. Why does the author mention the "heel impression" in line 19?
(A) To emphasize the size of the hominids foot
(B) To speculate on a possible injury the hominid had suffered
(C) To give an example of similarity to modern human footprints
(D) To indicate the weight of early hominids
28.The word "restricted" in line 26 is closest in meaning to
(A) limited
(B) improved
(C) continued
(D) succeeded
29.What can be inferred about the footprints found in French caves mentioned in the last paragraph?
(A)They show more detail than the Laetoli prints.
(B)They are of more recent origin than the Laetoli prints.
(C)They are not as informative as the Laetoli prints.
(D)They are more difficult to study than the Laetoli prints
30.Which of the following terms is defined in the passage?
(A) "hominids" (line 3)
(B) "arch" (line 9)
(C) "photogrammetry" (line 16)
(D) "silicon resin molds"(line 29)
Questions 31-40
The livelihood of each species in the vast and intricate assemblage of living things depends on the existences of other organisms. This interdependence is sometimes subtle, sometimes obvious. Perhaps the most straight forward dependence of one species on another occurs with parasites, organisms that live on or in other living things and derive nutrients directly from them. The parasitic way of life is widespread. A multitude of microorganisms( including viruses and bacteria) and an army of invertebrates - or creatures lacking a spinal column (including crustaceans, insects, and many different types of worms ) -make their livings directly at the expense of other creatures. In the face of this onslaught, living things have evolved a variety of defense mechanisms for protecting their bodies from invasion by other organisms.
Certain fungi and even some kinds of bacteria secrete substances known as antibiotics into their external environment. These substances are capable of killing or inhibiting the growth of various kinds of bacteria that also occupy the area, thereby eliminating or reducing the competition for nutrients. The same principle is used in defense against invaders in other groups of organisms. For example, when attacked by disease-causing fungi or bacteria, many kinds of plants produce chemicals that help to ward off the invaders.
Members of the animal kingdom have developed a variety of defense mechanisms for dealing with parasites. Although these mechanisms vary considerably, all major
groups of animals are capable of detecting and reacting to the presence of "foreign" cells. In fact, throughout the animal kingdom, from sponges to certain types of worms, shellfish, and all vertebrates (creatures possessing a spinal column), there is evidence that transplants of cells or fragments of tissues into an animal are accepted only if they come from genetically compatible or closely related individuals.
The ability to distinguish between "self" and "nonself", while present in all animals, is most efficient among vertebrates, which have developed an immune system as their defense mechanism. The immune system recognizes and takes action against foreign invaders and transplanted tissues that are treated as foreign cells.
31. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) how parasites reproduce
(B) how organisms react to invaders
(C) how antibiotics work to cure disease
(D) how the immune systems of vertebrates developed
32. The word "intricate" iii line 1 is closest in meaning to
(A) difficult
(B) widespread
(C) critical
(D) complex
33. The expression "an army" in line 6 is closest in meaning to
(A) an illness
(B) an attack
(C) a large number
(D) a distinct type
34. The expression "an army in line 6 is closest in meaning to
(A) an illness
(B) an attack
(C) a large number
(D) a distinct type
35. According to the passage, some organisms produce antibiotics in order to
(A) prevent disease in humans
(B) aid digestion
(C) fight off other organisms
(D) create new types of nutrients
35.The word "vary" in line 19 is closest in meaning to
(A) differ
(B) endure
(C) balance
(D) contribute
36. The word "they" in line 23 refers to
(A) sponges, worms and shellfish
(B) vertebrates
(C) individuals
(D) transplants
37. According to the passage, a transplant of tissue between genetically incompatible organisms will result in the transplanted tissue
(A) becoming a parasite
(B) being treated as an invader
(C) altering its genetic makeup
(D) developing a new immune system
38. According to the passage, the ability to distinguish between "self" and "nonself" enables vertebrates to
(A) accept transplanted cells
(B) detect and react to invasion
(C) weaken their immune system
(D) get rid of antibiotics
39. All of the following ate defined in the passage EXCEPT
(A) parasites(line 4)
(B) invertebrates(line7)
(C) nutrients (line14)
(D) vertebrates(line 22)
40. The paragraph following the passage most probably discusses
(A) how the immune system in vertebrates fights off foreign cells
(B) different types of bacteria and lung
(C) how vertebrates and invertebrates differ
(D) examples of different groups of organisms
Question 41-50
The development of jazz can be seen as part of the larger continuum of American popular music, especially dance music. In the twenties, jazz became the hottest new thing in dance music, much as ragtime had at the turn of the century, and as would rhythm and blues in the fifties, rock in the fifties, and disco in the seventies.
But two characteristics distinguish jazz from other dance music. The first is improvisation, the changing of a musical phrase according to the player's inspiration. Like all artists, jazz musicians strive for an individual style, and the improvise or paraphrased is a jazz musician's main opportunity to display his or her individuality. In early jazz, musicians often improvised melodies collectively, thus creating a kind of polyphony. There was little soloing as such, although some New Orleans players, particularly cornet player Buddy Bolden, achieved local fame for their ability to improvise a solo. Later the idea of the chorus-long or multichorus solo took hold. Louis Armstrong's instrumental brilliance, demonstrated through extended solos, was a major influence in this development.
Even in the early twenties, however, some jazz bands had featured soloists. Similarly, show orchestras and carnival bands often included one or two such "get-off" musicians. Unimproved, completely structured jazz does exist, but the ability of the best jazz musicians to create music of great cohesion and beauty during performance has been a hallmark of the music and its major source of inspiration and change.
The second distinguishing characteristic of jazz is a rhythmic drive that was initially called "hot" and later "swing". In playing hot , a musician consciously departs from strict meter to create a relaxed sense of phrasing that also emphasizes the underlying rhythms.("Rough" tone and use of moderate vibrato also contributed to a hot sound .) Not all jazz is hot, however, many early bands played unadorned published arrangements of popular songs. Still, the proclivity to play hot distinguished the jazz musician from other instrumentalists.
41. The passage answers which of the following questions?
(A) which early jazz musicians most Influenced rhythm and blues music?
(B) What are the differences between jazz and other forms of music?
(C) Why Is dancing closely related to popular music in the United States?
(D) What Instruments comprised a typical jazz band of the 1920's?
42. Which of the following preceded jazz as a popular music for dancing?
(A) Disco
(B) Rock
(C) Rhythm and blues
(D)Ragtime
43. According to the passage, jazz musicians are able to demonstrate their individual artistry mainly by?
(A) creating musical variations while performing
(B) preparing musical arrangements
(C) reading music with great skill
(D) being able to play all types of popular music
44. Which of the following was the function of "get-off" musicians (line 16)?
(A) Assist the other band members in packing up after a performance
(B) Teach dance routines created for new music
(C) Lead the band
(D) Provide solo performances in a band or orchestra
45. The word "cohesion" in line 18 is closest in meaning to
(A) sorrow
(B) fame
(C) unity
(D) vibration
46. The word "initially" in line 20 is closest in meaning to
(A) at first
(B) shortly
(C) alphabetically
(D) in fact
47. The word "consciously" in line 21 is closest in meaning to
(A) carelessly
(B) easily
(C) periodically
(D) purposely
48. The word "unadorned" in line 24 is closest in meaning to
(A) lovely
(B) plain
(C) disorganized
(D) inexpensive
49. Which of the following terms is defined in the passage?
(A) "improvisation" (line 6)
(B) "polyphony" (line 10)
(C) "cornet player"(line 11)
(D) "multichorus"(line 12)
50. The topic of the passage is developed primarily by means of
(A) dividing the discussion into two major areas
(B) presenting contrasting points of view
(C) providing biographies of famous musician
(D) describing historical events in sequence