TOEFL»´’Ê ‘Ã‚£®1-2£©
READING£†COMPREHENSION

Questions 1-9

£†£†£†The ocean bottom ------a region nearly 2.5 times greater than the total land area of the
Earth ---- is a vast frontier that even today is largely unexplored and uncharted. Until
about a century ago, the deep-ocean floor was completely inaccessible, hidden beneath
waters averaging over 3,600 meters deep. Totally without light and subjected to intense
pressures hundreds of times greater than at the Earth's surface, the deep-ocean bottom
is a hostile environment to humans, in some ways as forbidding and remote as the void
of outer space.

£†£†£†Although researchers have taken samples of deep-ocean rocks and sediments for
over a century, the first detailed global investigation of the ocean bottom did not
actually start until 1968, with the beginning of the National Science Foundation's Deep
Sea Drilling Project (DSDP).Using techniques first developed for the offshore oil and
gas industry, the DSDP's drill ship, theGlomar Challenger, was able to maintain a
steady position on the ocean's surface and drill in very deep waters, extracting samples
of sediments and rock from the ocean floor.

£†£†£†The Glomar Challenger completed 96 voyages in a 15-year research program that
ended in November 1983. During this time, the vessel logged 600,000 kilometers and
took almost 20,000 core samples of seabed sediments and rocks at 624 drilling sites
around the world. The Glomar Challenger's core samples have allowed geologists
to reconstruct what the planet looked like hundred of millions of years ago and to
calculate what it will probably look like millions of years in the future. Today, largely
on the strength of evidence gathered during the Glomar Challenger's voyages, nearly
all earth scientists agree on the theories of plate tectonics and continental drift that
explain many of the geological processes that shape the Earth.

£†£†£†The cores of sediment drilled by the Glomar Challenger have also yielded
information critical to understanding the world's past climates. Deep-ocean sediments
provide a climatic record stretching back hundreds of millions of years, because they
are largely isolated from the mechanical erosion and the intense chemical and biological
activity that rapidly destroy much land-based evidence of past climates. This record has
already provided insights into the patterns and causes of past climatic change ---
information that may be used to predict future climates.

1.The author refers to the ocean bottom as a "frontier" in line 2 because it
(A)is not a popular area for scientific research
(B)contains a wide variety of life forms
(C)attracts courageous explorers
(D)is an unknown territory

2.The word "inaccessible" in line 3 is closest in meaning to
(A)unrecognizable
(B)unreachable
(C)unusable
(D)unsafe

3.The author mentions outer space in line 7 because
(A)the Earth's climate millions of years ago was similar to conditions in outer space.
(B)it is similar to the ocean floor in being alien to the human environment
(C)rock formations in outer space are similar to those found on the ocean floor
(D)techniques used by scientists to explore outer space were similar to those used in ocean
exploration

4. Which of the following is true of the Glomar Challenger?
(A) It is a type of submarine.
(B) It is an ongoing project.
(C) It has gone on over 100 voyages
(D) It made its first DSDP voyage in 1968

5. The word " extracting " in line 13 is closest in meaning to
(A) breaking
(B) locating
(C) removing
(D) analyzing

6. The deep Sea Drilling Project was significant because it was
(A) an attempt to find new sources of oil and gas
(B) the first extensive exploration of the ocean bottom
(C) composed of geologists form all over the world
(D) funded entirely by the gas and oil industry

7. The word " strength " in line21 is closest in meaning to
(A)basis
(B)purpose
(C)discovery
(D)endurance

8.The word " they " in line26 refers to
(A)years
(B)climates
(C)sediments
(D)cores

9.Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the passage as being a result of the Deep Sea
Drilling Project?
(A) Geologists were able to determine the Earth's appearance hundreds of millions of years ago.
(B) Two geological theories became more widely accepted
(C) Information was revealed about the Earth's past climatic changes.
(D) Geologists observed forms of marine life never before seen.

Question 10-21

£†£†£†Basic to any understanding of Canada in the 20 years after the Second World War is
the country's impressive population growth. For every three Canadians in 1945, there
were over five in 1966. In September 1966 Canada's population passed the 20 million
mark. Most of this surging growth came from natural increase. The depression of the
1930's and the war had held back marriages, and the catching-up process began after
1945. The baby boom continued through the decade of the1950's, producing a
population increase of nearly fifteen percent in the five years from 1951 to 1956. This
rate of increase had been exceeded only once before in Canada's history, in the decade
before 1911. when the prairies were being settled. Undoubtedly, the good economic
conditions of the 1950's supported a growth in the population, but the expansion also
derived from a trend toward earlier marriages and an increase in the average size of
families. In 1957 the Canadian birth rate stood at 28 per thousand, one of the highest in
the world.

£†£†£†After the peak year of 1957, the birth rate in Canada began to decline. It continued
falling until in 1966 it stood at the lowest level in 25 years. Partly this decline reflected
the low level of births during the depression and the war, but it was also caused by
changes in Canadian society. Young people were staying at school longer; more
women were working; young married couples were buying automobiles or houses
before starting families; rising living standards were cutting down the size of families.
It appeared that Canada was once more falling in step with the trend toward smaller
families that had occurred all through the Western world since the time of the Industrial
Revolution.

£†£†£†Although the growth in Canada's population had slowed down by 1966 (the
increase in the first half of the 1960's was only nine percent), another large population
wave was coming over the horizon. It would be composed of the children of the
children who were born during the period of the high birth rate prior to 1957.

10. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) Educational changes in Canadian society
(B) Canada during the Second World War
(C) Population trends in postwar Canada
(D) Standards of living in Canada

11. According to the passage, when did Canada's baby boom begin?
(A) In the decade after 1911
(B) After 1945
(C) During the depression of the 1930's
(D) In 1966

12. The word "five" in line 3 refers to
(A) Canadians
(B) years
(C) decades
(D) marriages

13. The word "surging" in line 4 is closest in meaning to
(A) new
(B) extra
(C) accelerating
(D) surprising

14. The author suggests that in Canada during the1950's
(A) the urban population decreased rapidly
(B) fewer people married
(C) economic conditions were poor
(D) the birth rate was very high

15. The word "trend" in line 11 is closest in meaning to
(A) tendency
(B) aim
(C) growth
(D) directive

16. The word "peak" in line 14 is closest in meaning to
(A) pointed
(B) dismal
(C) mountain
(D) maximum

17. When was the birth rate in Canada at its lowest postwar level?
(A) 1966
(B) 1957
(C) 1956
(D) 1951

18. The author mentions all of the following as causes of declines in population growth after 1957
EXCEPT
(A) people being better educated
(B) people getting married earlier
(C) better standards of living
(D) couples buying houses

19. It can be inferred from the passage that before the Industrial Revolution
(A) families were larger
(B) population statistics were unreliable
(C) the population grew steadily
(D) economic conditions were bad

20. The word "It" in line 25 refers to
(A) horizon
(B) population wave
(C) nine percent
(D) first half

21. The phrase "prior to" in line 26 is closest in meaning to
(A) behind
(B) since
(C) during
(D) preceding
Questions 22-30

£†£†£†Are organically grown foods the best food choices?The advantages claimed for
such foods over conventionally grown and marketed food products are now being
debated. Advocates of organic foods ----- a term whose meaning varies greatly ---
frequently proclaim that such products are safer and more nutritious than others.

£†£†£†The growing interest of consumers in the safety and nutritional quality of the
typical North American diet is a welcome development. However, much of this
interest has been sparked by sweeping claims that the food supply is unsafe or
inadequate in meeting nutritional needs. Although most of these claims are not
supported by scientific evidence, the preponderance of written material advancing
such claims makes it difficult for the general public to separate fact from fiction.
As a result, claims that eating a diet consisting entirely of organically grown foods
prevents or cures disease or provides other benefits to health have become widely
publicized and form the basis for folklore.

£†£†£†Almost daily the public is besieged by claims for "no-aging" diets, new vitamins,
and other wonder foods. There are numerous unsubstantiated reports that natural
vitamins are superior to synthetic ones, that fertilized eggs are nutritionally superior
to unfertilized eggs, that untreated grains are better than fumigated grains, and the like.

£†£†£†One thing that most organically grown food products seem to have in common is
that they cost more than conventionally grown foods. But in many cases consumers are
misled if they believe organic foods can maintain health and provide better nutritional
quality than conventionally grown foods. So there is real cause for concern if consumers, particularly those with limited incomes, distrust the regular food supply and buy only
expensive organic foods instead.

22. The word "Advocates" in line 3 is closest in meaning to which of the following?
(A) Proponents
(B) Merchants
(C) Inspectors
(D) Consumers

23. In line 4, the word "others" refers to
(A) advantages
(B) advocates
(C) organic foods
(D) products

24. The "welcome development" mentioned in line 6 is an increase in
(A) interest in food safety and nutrition among North Americans
(B) the nutritional quality of the typical North American diet
(C) the amount of healthy food grown in North America
(D) the number of consumers in North America

25. According to the first paragraph, which of the following is true about the term "organic foods"?
(A) It is accepted by most nutritionists.
(B) It has been used only in recent years.
(C) It has no fixed meaning.
(D) It is seldom used by consumers.

26. The word "unsubstantiated" in line 15 is closest in meaning to
(A) unbelievable
(B) uncontested
(C) unpopular
(D) unverified

27. The word "maintain" in line 20 is closest in meaning to
(A) improve
(B) monitor
(C) preserve
(D) restore

28. The author implies that there is cause for concern if consumers with limited incomes buy organic foods instead of conventionally grown foods because
(A) organic foods can he more expensive but are often no better than conventionally grown foods
(B) many organic foods are actually less nutritious than similar conventionally grown foods
(C) conventionally grown foods are more readily available than organic foods
(D) too many farmers will stop using conventional methods to grow food crops

29. According to the last paragraph, consumers who believe that organic foods are better than
conventionally grown foods are often
(A) careless
(B) mistaken
(C) thrifty
(D) wealthy

30. What is the author's attitude toward the claims made by advocates of health foods?
(A) Very enthusiastic
(B) Somewhat favorable
(C) Neutral
(D) Skeptical

Questions 31-40

£†£†£†There are many theories about the beginning of drama in ancient Greece. The one
most widely accepted today is based on the assumption that drama evolved from ritual.
The argument for this view goes as follows. In the beginning, human beings viewed
the natural forces of the world, even the seasonal changes, as unpredictable, and they
sought, through various means, to control these unknown and feared powers. Those
measures which appeared to bring the desired results were then retained and repeated
until they hardened into fixed rituals. Eventually stories arose which explained or
veiled the mysteries of the rites. As time passed some rituals were abandoned, but
the stories, later called myths, persisted and provided material for art and drama.

£†£†£†Those who believe that drama evolved out of ritual also argue that those rites
contained the seed of theater because music, dance, masks, and costumes were almost
always used. Furthermore, a suitable site had to be provided for performances, and
when the entire community did not participate, a clear division was usually made
between the "acting area" and the "auditorium". In addition, there were performers,
and, since considerable importance was attached to avoiding mistakes in the enactment
of rites, religious leaders usually assumed that task. Wearing masks and costumes, they
often impersonated other people, animals, or supernatural beings, and mimed the desired
effect --- success in hunt or battle, the coming rain, the revival of the Sun --- as an actor
might. Eventually such dramatic representations were separated from religious
activities.

£†£†£†Another theory traces the theater's origin from the human interest in storytelling.
According to this view, tales (about the hunt, war, or other feats) are gradually
elaborated, at first through the use of impersonation, action, and dialogue by a narrator
and then through the assumption of each of the roles by a different person. A closely
related theory traces theater to those dances that are primarily rhythmical and
gymnastic or that are imitations of animal movements and sounds.

31.What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) The origins of theater
(B) The role of ritual in modern dance
(C) The importance of storytelling
(D) The variety of early religious activities

32.The word "they" in line 4 refers to
(A) seasonal changes
(B) natural forces
(C) theories
(D) human beings

33. What aspect of drama does the author discuss in the first paragraph?
(A) The reason drama is often unpredictable
(B) The seasons in which dramas were performed
(C) The connection between myths and dramatic plots
(D) The importance of costumes in early drama

34. Which of the following is NOT mentioned as a common element of theater and ritual?
(A) Dance
(B) Costumes
(C) Music
(D) Magic

35. The word "considerable" in line 15 is closest in meaning to
(A) thoughtful
(B) substantial
(C) relational
(D) ceremonial

36. The word "enactment" in line 15 is closest in meaning to
(A) establishment
(B) performance
(C) authorization
(D) season

37. The word "they" in line 16 refers to
(A) mistakes
(B) costumes
(C) animals
(D) performers

38. According to the passage, what is the main difference between ritual and drama?
(A) Ritual uses music whereas drama does not.
(B) Ritual is shorter than drama.
(C) Ritual requires fewer performers than drama.
(D) Ritual has a religious purpose and drama does not.

39. The passage supports which of the following statements?
(A) No one really knows how the theater began.
(B) Myths are no longer represented dramatically.
(C) Storytelling is an important part of dance.
(D) Dramatic activities require the use of costumes.

40. Where in the passage does the author discuss the separation of the stage and the audience?
(A) Lines 8-9
(B) Lines 12-14
(C) Lines 19-20
(D) Lines 22-24

Questions 41-50

£†£†£†Staggering tasks confronted the people of the United States, North and South, when
the Civil War ended. About a million and a half soldiers from both sides had to be
demobilized, readjusted to civilian life, and reabsorbed by the devastated economy.
Civil government also had to be put back on a peacetime basis and interference from
the military had to be stopped.

£†£†£†The desperate plight of the South has eclipsed the fact that reconstruction had to be
undertaken also in the North, though less spectacularly. Industries had to adjust to
peacetime conditions: factories had to be retooled for civilian needs.

£†£†£†Financial problems loomed large in both the North and the South. The national debt
had shot up from a modest $65 million in 1861, the year the war started, to nearly $3
billion in 1865, the year the war ended. This was a colossal sum for those days but one
that a prudent government could pay. At the same time, war taxes had to be reduced to
less burdensome levels.

£†£†£†Physical devastation caused by invading armies, chiefly in the South and border
states, had to be repaired. This herculean task was ultimately completed, but with
discouraging slowness.

£†£†£†Other important questions needed answering. What would be the future of the four
million Black people who were freed from slavery? On what basis were the Southern
states to be brought back into the Union?

£†£†£†What of the Southern leaders, all of whom were liable to charges of treason? One
of these leaders, Jefferson Davis, president of the Southern Confederacy, was the
subject of an insulting popular Northern song,"Hang Jeff Davis from a Sour Apple
Tree", and even children sang it. Davis was temporarily chained in his prison cell
during the early days of his two-year imprisonment. But he and the other Southern
leaders were finally released, partly because it was unlikely that a jury from Virginia, a
Southern Confederate state, would convict them. All the leaders were finally pardoned
by President Johnson in 1868 in an effort to help reconstruction efforts proceed with as
little bitterness as possible.

41. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) Wartime expenditures
(B) Problems facing the United States after the war
(C) Methods of repairing the damage caused by the war
(D) The results of government efforts to revive the economy

42. The word "Staggering" in line 1 is closest in meaning to
(A) specialized
(B) confusing
(C) various
(D) overwhelming

43. The word "devastated" in line 3 is closest in meaning to
(A) developing
(B) ruined
(C) complicated
(D) fragile

44 According to the passage, which of the following statements about the damage in the South is
correct?
(A) It was worse than in the North.
(B) The cost was less than expected.
(C) It was centered in the border states.
(D) It was remedied rather quickly.

45. The passage refers to all of the following as necessary steps following the Civil War EXCEPT
(A) helping soldiers readjust
(B) restructuring industry
(C) returning government to normal
(D) increasing taxes

46. The word "task" in line 15 refers to
(A) raising the tax level
(B) sensible financial choices
(C) wise decisions about former slaves
(D) reconstruction of damaged areas

47. Why does the author mention a popular song in lines 22-23?
(A) To give an example of a Northern attitude towards the South
(B) To illustrate the Northern love of music
(C) To emphasize the cultural differences between the North and the South
(D) To compare the Northern and Southern presidents

48. The word "them" in line 26 refers to
(A) charges
(B) leaders
(C) days
(D) irons

49. Which of the following can be inferred from the phrase "...it was unlikely that a jury from
Virginia, a Southern Confederate state, would convict them" (lines 25-26)?
(A) Virginians felt betrayed by Jefferson Davis.
(B) A popular song insulted Virginia.
(C) Virginians were loyal to their leaders.
(D) All of the Virginia military leaders had been put in chains.

50. It can be inferred from the passage that President Johnson pardoned the Southern leaders in
order to
(A) raise money for the North
(B) repair the physical damage in the South
(C) prevent Northern leaders from punishing more Southerners
(D) help the nation recover from the war