TOEFLÄ£ÄâÌâ£¨4-2£©
READING COMPREHENSION
Questions 1-11
   With its radiant color and plantlike shape, the sea anemone looks more like a flower than an animal. More specifically, the sea anemone is formed quite like the flower for which it is named, with a body like a stem and tentacles like petals in brilliant shades of blue, green, pink, and red. Its diameter varies from about six millimeters in some species to more than ninety centimeters in the giant varieties of Australia. Like corals, hydras, and jellyfish, sea anemones are coelenterates. They can move slowly, but more often they attach the lower part of their cylindrical bodies to rocks, shells, or wharf pilings. 'The upper end of the sea anemone has a mouth surrounded by tentacles that the animal uses to capture its food. Stinging cells in the tentacles throw out tiny poison threads that paralyze other small sea£ animals. The tentacles then drag this prey into the sea anemone's mouth. The food is digested in the large inner body cavity. When disturbed, a sea anemone retracts its tentacles£ and£ shortens its body so that it resembles a lump on a rock. Anemones may reproduce by forming eggs, dividing in half, or developing buds that grow and break off as independent animals.
1. Which of the following is the main topic of the passage?
(A) The varieties of ocean life
(B) The£ characteristics of the sea anemone
(C) A comparison of land and sea anemones
(D) The defenses of coelenterates
2. The work "shape" in line 1 is closest in meaning to
(A) length
(B) grace
(C) form
(D) nature
3. The author compares a sea anemone's tentacles to a flower's.
(A) stem
(B) petals
(C) leaves
(D) roots
4.It can be inferred from the passage that hydras
(A) were named after a flower
(B) are usually found in Australia
(C) prey on sea anemones
(D) are related to sea anemones
5. It can be inferred from the passage that sea anemones are usually found
(A) attached to stationary surfaces
(B) hidden inside cylindrical objects
(C) floating among underwater flowers
(D) searching for food
6. The word "capture" in line 8 is closest in meaning to
(A) catch
(B) control
(C) cover
(D) clean
7. The word "retracts" in line 11 is closest in meaning to
(A) pulls back
(B) relaxes
(C) reproduces
(D) lifts up
8. According to the passage, when a sea anemone is bothered it
(A) hides under a rock
(B) alters its shape
(C) changes colors
(D) ejects a poisonous substance
9. The sea anemone reproduces by
(A) budding only
(B) forming eggs only
(C) budding or dividing only
(D) budding, forming eggs, or dividing
10. Based on the information in the passage, all of the following statements about sea anemones are true EXCEPT that they
(A) are usually tiny
(B) have flexible bodies
(C) are related to jellyfish
(D) arc usually brightly colored
11. Where does the author mention the, sea anemone's food-gathering technique?
(A) Lines 1-2
(B) Lines 4-6
(C) Lines 7-10
(D) Lines 11-14
Questions 12-23
£ £ £  Barbara Kasten is an artist who makes photographs of constructions that she creates for the purpose of photographing them. In her studio she arranges objects such as mirrors, solid forms, and flat surfaces into what could be called large still life arrangements, big enough to walk into .She lights the construction, then rearranges and rephotographs it until she arrives at a final image. She also photographs away from her studio at various architectural sites, bringing camera, lights mirrors, and a crew of assistants to transform the site into her own abstract image.
£ £ £  Kasten starts a studio construction with a simple problem, such as using several circular and rectangular mirrors . She puts the first objects in place, sets up a camera, then goes back and forth arranging objects and seeing how they appear in the camera. Eventually she makes instant color prints to see what the image looks like. At first she works only with objects, concentrating on their composition; then she lights them and adds color from lights covered with colored filters .
£ £ £  Away from the studio, at architectural sites, the cost of the crew and the equipment rental means she has to know in advance what she wants to do. She visits each location several times to make sketches and test shots. Until she brings in the lights, however, she cannot predict exactly what they will do to the image, so there is some improvising on the spot.
12. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) The techniques of a photographer
(B) The advantages of studio photography£ 
(C) Industrial construction sites£ 
(D) An architect who appreciates fine art
13. Which of the following would be an example of one of the "constructions" referred to in line 1?
(A) A still life arrangement
(B) Natural landscapes
(C) An instant color print
(D) A colored filter
14. In line 2, why does the author mention mirrors?
(A) They are part of the camera.
(B) Kasten uses them as subjects.
(C) The crew needs them.
(D) Photography mirrors life.
15. The word "transform" in line 6 is closest in meaning to
(A) move
(B) extend
(C) change
(D) interpret
16. It can be inferred from the passage that Kasten makes instant prints to
(A) give away
(B) sell as souvenirs
(C) include as part of the construction
(D) see what the construction looks like at that stage
17. The word "composition" in line 12 is closest in meaning to
(A) arrangement
(B) brightness
(C) quality
(D) size
18. The word "them" in line 12 refers to
(A) prints
(B) lights
(C) objects
(D) filters
19. The word "shots" in line 16 is closest in meaning to
(A) injections
(B) photographs£ 
(C) loud noises
(D) effective remarks
20. The word "they" in line 17 refers to
(A) architectural styles
(B) sketches
(C) colored filters
(D) lights
21. Why does Kasten visit the location of outdoor work before the day of the actual shooting?
(A) To plan the photograph
(B) To purchase film and equipment
(C) To hire a crew
(D) To test the lights
22. How is Kasten's studio work different from her work at architectural sites ?
(A) She does not use lights outdoors.
(B) Her work outdoors is more unpredictable.
(C) She works alone outdoors.
(D) She makes more money from her work outdoors .
23. Where in the passage does the author suggest that the constructions that Kasten photographs are life-sized?
(A) Lines2-4
(B) Lines 5-7
(C) Lines 12- 14
(D) Lines 16-I7
Questions 24-33
£ £  The temperature of the Sun is over 5.000 degrees Fahrenheit at the surface, but it rises to perhaps more than 16 million degrees at the center. The Sun is so much hotter than the Earth that matter can exist only as a gas , except at the core. In the core of the Sun, the pressures are so great against the gases that, despite the high temperature, there may be a small solid core. However, no one really knows, since the center of the Sun can never be directly observed.
£ £ £ Solar astronomers do know that the Sun is divided into five layers or zones. Starting at the outside and going down into the Sun, the zones are the corona, chromosphere , photosphere, convection zone, and finally the core. The first three zones are regarded as the Sun's atmosphere. But since the Sun has no solid surface, it is hard to tell where the tmosphere
ends and the main body of the Sun begins.
£ £  The Sun's outermost layer begins about 10,000 miles above the visible surface and goes outward for millions of miles. This is the only part of the Sun that can be seen during an eclipse such as the one in February 1979. At any other time, the corona can he seen only when special instruments are used on cameras and telescopes to shut out the glare of the Sun's rays.
£ £  The corona is a brilliant, pearly white, filmy light, about as bright as the full Moon. Its beautiful rays are a sensational sight during an eclipse. The corona's rays flash out in a brilliant fan that has wispy spikelike rays near the Sun's north and south poles. The corona is thickest at the Sun's equator .
£ £  The corona rays are made up of gases streaming outward at tremendous speeds and reaching a temperature of more than 2 million degrees Fahrenheit. The rays of gas thin out as they reach the space around the planets- By the time the Sun's corona rays reach the Earth, they are weak and invisible.
24. The word "great" in line 4 is closest in meaning to
(A) dangerous
(B) unknown
(C) variable
(D) strong
25. With what topic is the second paragraph mainly concerned?
(A) How the Sun evolved
(B) The structure of the Sun
(C) Why scientists study the Sun
(D) The distance of the Sun from the planets
26. A1l of the following are Parts of the Sun 's atmosphere EXCEPT the
(A) corona
(B) chromosphere
(C) photosphere
(D) core
27.The word "one" in line 13 refers to
(A) the Sun
(B) the corona
(C) an eclipse
(D) the surface
28. The purpose of the special instruments mentioned in line 14 is to
(A) magnify the image of the Sun
(B) block out the Sun's intense light
(C) measure the amount of energy emitted by the Sun
(D) photograph the Sun
29. It can be inferred from the passage that a clear view of the Sun's outer layer is usually prevented by
(A) the Sun's rays
(B) an eclipse
(C) lack of light
(D) the great distance
30. The word "sensational'' in line 17 is closest in meaning to
(A) spectacular
(B) predictable
(C) bizarre
(D) constant
31 . According to the passage, as the corona rays reach the planets, they become
(A) hotter
(B) clearer
(C) thinner£ 
(D) stronger
32. The paragraphs following the passage most likely discuss which of the following?
(A) The remaining layers of the Sun
(B) The evolution of the sun to its present form
(C) The eclipse of February 1 979
(D) The scientists who study astronomy
33.Where in the passage does the author compare the light of the Sun's outermost layer to that of another astronomical body?
(A) Lines 2-3
(B) Lines 9-10
(C) Line 16
(D) Lines 22-23
Questions 34-42 .
£ £ £ Many of the computing patterns used today in elementary arithmetic, such as those for performing long multiplications and divisions, were developed as late as the fifteenth century. Two reasons are usually advanced to account for this tardy development, namely, the mental difficulties and the physical difficulties encountered in such work.
£ £ £ The first of these, the mental difficulties, must be somewhat discounted. The impression that the ancient numeral systems are not amenable to even the simplest calculations is largely based on lack of£ familiarity with these systems. It is clear that addition and subtraction in a simple grouping system require only ability to count the number symbols of each kind and then to convert to higher units. No memorization of number combinations is needed .In a ciphered numeral system , if sufficient addition and multiplication tables have been memorized , the work can proceed much as we do it today .
£ £ £ The physical difficulties encountered, however, were quite real . Without a plentiful and convenient supply of some suitable writing medium, any very extended development of the arithmetic process was bound to be hampered .It must be remembered that our common machine-made pulp paper is little more than a hundred years old. The older rag paper was made by hand and was consequently expensive and scarce.
34.What is the main purpose of the passage?
(A) To emphasize the importance of the mental process in performing calculations
(B) To explain why some elementary computing systems were not developed until the fifteenth century.
(C) describe how ancient counting systems differ from those of the twentieth century
(D) To compare the mental and physical processes used in arithmetic
35. The word "tardy" in line3 is closest in meaning to
(A) historical
(B) basic
(C) unusual
(D) late
36. The word "these"in line 5 refers to
(A) patens
(B) reasons
(C) systems
(D) calculations
37. The word "discounted" in line 5 is closest in meaning to
(A) reduced
(B) contradicted
(C) disregarded
(D) interpreted
38. The author states that doing calculations in a simple grouping system requires
(A) memorizing numerical combinations
(B) using an adding machine
(C) producing large quantities of a writing medium
(D) converting number symbols to higher units
39. The word "encountered" in line 12 is closest in meaning to
(A) faced
(B) caused
(C) increased
(D) discussed
40. The word "hampered" in line l4 is closest in meaning to
(A) impeded
(B) concluded
(C) unnoticed
(D) rejected
41 . The author describes old rag paper as all of the following EXCEPT
(A) handmade
(B) costly
(C) scarce
(D) delicate
42. The passage supports which of the following conclusion ?
(A) Physical difficulties hindered the development of computing patterns .
(B) Memorizing addition and multiplication tables is necessary for most elementary arithmetic processes .
(C) Most people experience mental difficulties in learning long divisions and in multiplications.
(D) Numeral systems invented before the fifteenth century could not have been used to perform elementary calculations .
Questions 43-50 .
£ £  The ecosystems of the Earth provide an array of free public services that are essential for the support of civilizations . They maintain the quality of` the atmosphere , provide food from the sea. Manufacture and replenish soils, recycle wastes and nutrients, control the overwhelming majority of crop pests and disease vectors, and so on.. People have no idea how to take over these activities satisfactorily. They do know, however, that the theory once£ advanced in the nineteenth century - that the productivity of the land can he infinitely increased by the application of capital, labor, and science- is wrong. History has shown that once the natural life-support systems of a civilization have been sufficiently damaged, they cannot usually be repaired. The ancient deforestation and overgrazing of the Mediterranean region is a famous example. And today ,a global civilization is ruining the global environment.
41, What is the main topic of this passage?
(A) Free public services
(B) Support needed for civilizations
(C) The vaule of ecosystems£ 
(D) The vastness of the Earth
44. The word "array" in line 1 is closest in meaning to
(A) large number
(B) excess
(C) requirement
(D) model
45.The word "They" in line 2 refers to
(A) ecosystems
(B) civilizations
(C) sea
(D) people.
46. Which of the following could NOT be included under the "free public services" listed in lines 2-4?
(A) Preventing overgrazing by domestic animals
(B) Providing natural animals for harmful insects
(C) Creating and enriching material for plant growth
(D) Supplying air for breathing
47. The word "advanced" in line 6 is closest in meaning to
(A) debated
(B) ignored
(C) proved
(D) proposed
48. The author mentions the Mediterranean region as an example of
(A) the ability of nature to remedy human destruction
(B) the ability of people to make use of natural resources
(C) the manner in which people replenish the£ environment£ 
(D) the effects or human abuse of natural resources
49. The author suggests that civilizations can survive only if they
(A) greatly expand scientific research
(B) do not destroy the balance of natural processes
(C) replant the forests in the Mediterranean region
(D) invent new procedures to replace obsolete ecosystems
50. The author suggests that the difference between the ancient and the modern situation is that today the problem is
(A) worldwide
(B) better understood
(C) more manageable
(D) economic