TOEFL READING 1996/01
In science, a theory is a reasonable explanation of observed evnets that are related. A theory often involves an imaginary model that helps scientists picture the way an obseved event could be produced. A good example of this is found in the kinetic molecular theory, in which gases are pictured as being made up of many small particles that are in constant motion.
A useful theoty, in addition to explaining past observations, helps to predict events that have not as yet been observed. After a theory has been publicized, scientists design experiments to test the theory. If observations confirm the scientists' predictions, the theory is supported. If observations do not confirm the predictions, the scientists must search further. There may be a fault in the experiment, or the theory may have to be revised or rejected.
Science involves imagination and creative thinking as well as collecting information and performing experiments. Facts by themselves are not science. As the mathematician Jules Henri Poincare said: "Science is built with facts just as a house is built with bricks, But a collection of facts cannot be called science any more than a pile of bricks can be called a house."
Most scientists start an investigation by finding out what other scientists have learned about a particular problem. After known facts have been gathered, the scientist comes to the part of the investigation that requires considerable imagination. Possible solutions to the problem are formulated. these possible solutions are called hypotheses.
In a way, any hypothesis is a leap into the unknown. It extents the scientist's thinking beyond the known facts. The scientist plans experiments, performs calculations and makes observations to test hypotheses. For without hypotheses, further investigation lacks purpose and direction. When hypotheses are confirmed, they are incorporated into theories.
重点单词：
reasonable : a. 合理的,明理的,适当的
explanation : n. 解释,解说,说明
observe : vt. 观察,遵守,注意到,纪念;vi. 注意,评论
involve : vt. 包括,使陷于,潜心于,包围
imaginary : a. 想象的,虚构的,假想的
model : n. 模型,模范,模特儿;a. 模范的,作模型用的;vi. 做模型,做模特儿;vt. 使模仿,塑造
kinetic : a. 运动的,运动引起的,动力学的,活动的,活跃的
molecular : a. 分子的,由分子组成的
particle : n. 粒子,点,极小量
constant : n. 常数,恒量;a. 不变的,一定的,时常的
motion : n. 移动,手势,动作,动机,请求,提议;vt. vi. 打手势
predict : vt. vi. 预知,预言,预报
publicize : vt. 宣传,公布,广告
experiment : n. 实验,试验,尝试;vi. 实验,尝试
confirm : vt. 确定,批准,使巩固,使有效;v. 确认
fault : n. 过错,故障,毛病;vt. 挑剔;vi. 弄错
revise : n. 校订,修正,再校稿;vt. 校订,修正,校正
reject : n. 被拒之人,被弃之物,不合格品,次品,落选者,不及格者;vt. 拒绝,抵制,否决,呕出,驳回,丢弃
mathematician : n. 数学家
pile : n. 堆,大堆,电池,痔疮,大量,软毛,桥桩;vi. 堆起,堆积,积累,挤;vt. 堆于,累积,堆叠,打桩于,用桩支撑
investigation : n. 调查,研究
gather : n. 集合,聚集;vi. 聚集,集合,渐增;vt. 使聚集,搜集,积聚
possible : a. 可能的,潜在的,合理的;n. 可能性,可能的事物
solution : n. 解决,解答,溶液;解决方案
formulate : vt. 用公式表示,明确的叙述,制订
hypotheses : hypothesis的复数hypothesis : n. 假设
leap : n. 跳跃,剧增,急变,飞跃;vi. 跳跃,猛冲;vt. 跃过,使跃过
extent : n. 范围,程度,区域
calculation : n. 计算,考虑,计算的结果
lack : n. 缺乏,无,不足;vt. 缺乏,短少,不足,需要;vi. 缺乏
incorporate : a. 合并的,公司组织的,一体化的;vt. 合并,使组成公司,具体表现;vi. 合并,混合,组成公司