TOFEL 试题 1997.8
1997年8月TOFEL 听力
1. (A) Discuss the situation with the person in charge of the dormitory.
(B) Ask her roommate not to make so much noise.
(C) Go to bed after midnight.
(D) Send a letter to the residents.
2. (A) Now he understands the system.
(B) He has no use for technology.
(C) He has to do some calculations
(D) He doesn't know how to operate the computer.
3. (A) He's growing very quickly.
(B) He's the tallest of three boys.
(C) He can jump high.
(D) He has to leave today at there.
4. (A) Nothing can help Debra pass the exam.
(B) Debra doesn't need to study at all.
(C) Being well rested will help Debra on the exam.
(D) Debra should get some fresh air in the morning
5. (A) The woman's roommate went to get it.
(B) It was sent to the woman's roommate by mistake.
(C) The woman picked it up at the post office.
(D) The postal service delivered it to the woman's house.
6. (A) He has to wash a thousand dishes.
(B) He has more dishes than his brother.
(C) His brother takes too much time washing the dishes.
(D) he has asked his brother to wash the dished many times.
7. (A) He'd like to reschedule the party.
(B) He and Jill aren't free next week.
(C) He's not sure if Jill is available on Friday.
(D) He doesn't know what to bring to the party.
8. (A) The bicycle is being repaired.
(B) The bicycle is new.
(C) She lent the bicycle to a friend.
(D) The bicycle is parked outside.
9. (A) She wanted to visit Joe's home.
(B) She doesn't understand why Joe left without her.
(C) Joe should take a taxi to her house.
(D) Joe didn't want to take the taxi to his houses.
10. (A) He has always admired her.
(B) He wishes he could spend more time with her.
(C) She's taller than he is.
(D) She looks very different from him.
11. (A) Train service will return to normal in a few days.
(B) It's better to take a train later in the day.
(C) The man took the wrong train
(D) Delays in train service will continue.
12. (A) Put the briefcase back in the elevator.
(B) Contact the owner of the briefcase.
(C) Find out if the receptionist lost a briefcase
(D) Take the briefcase to the reception desk.
13. (A) Sports.(B) Music.(C) Hardware.(D) Arts and crafts.
14. (A) She works long hours.
(B) She found another job.
(C) She is too tired to teach
(D) No one can take her place.
15. (A) The band needs more practice.
(B) The band members are being paid to play.
(C) The band has been working hard.
(D) Band practice begins in an hour.
16. (A) She has changed her schedule.
(B) She was sick on Friday.
(C) She works less than she used to
(D) Her vacation started on Monday.
17. (A) Where the woman is going to dinner.
(B) Where the new restaurant is located.
(C) Where the woman got the coupon.
(D) Where the woman's cousin lives.
18. (A) She'd also like to get a printer.
(B) She needs a printer more than the man do.
(C) The man should buy a high quality printer.
(D) The man should invest in a printing company.
19. (A) Hurry.
(B) Pick up the Browns.
(C) Go downstairs.
(D) Move to a new house.
20. (A) She wants to change her major.
(B) She's not going to graduate school immediately.
(C) She'll stop at the office before returning to school.
(D) She'll switch colleges for graduate work.
21. (A) The picnic will probably be canceled.
(B) He's glad that the picnic is this weekend.
(C) It's not going to rain.
(D) He knows where the picnic is to be held.
22. (A) To try out for the volleyball team.
(B) Not to worry about what people think.
(C) To get them tickets to the volleyball game.
(D) To spend more time on her studies.
23. (A) Mike probably won't find an apartment in time.
(B) Mike should talk to his old landlord.
(C) Mike always manages to find an apartment
(D) Mike hasn't registered for school this year.
24. (A) Read a gas meter.
(B) Start a camp fire.
(C) Get gas for his car.
(D) Cook some food.
25. (A) He doesn't remember exactly what he said.
(B) He told the woman to try to get more sleep.
(C) He knew the woman would benefit from his advice.
(D) He didn't expect the woman to listen to him.
26. (A) It's easier to take the subway.
(B) Automobiles pollute the air.
(C) The subway is less than half full.
(D) Cars are expensive to operate.
27. (A) She thinks it's cold too.
(B) They need to get the freezer fixed again
(C) She'd like the man to repeat what he said.
(D) The man told her that before.
28. (A) The man caused the newsletter to be late.
(B) The man's article won't be published right away.
(C) She hasn't had time to read the man's article.
(D) She doesn't know what happened to the man's article.
29. (A) The sisters share a lot of things.
(B) She and her sister will switch seats.
(C) Things are going well for her sister.
(D) Her sister finished her cooking.
30. (A) Eat a late dinner.
(B) Cancel the break.
(C) Skip dinner
(D) Bring the man something to eat.
31. (A) To make an appointment to look at a house.
(B) To get information about special housing.
(C) To ask about getting a loan to buy a house.
(D) To renew the housing contract.
32. (A) With his grandparents.
(B) In student housing.
(C) With his wife's parents.
(D) In his own apartment.
33. (A) He has more than one child.
(B) His wife is a graduate student.
(C) He is a full time student.
(D) He works at the university housing office.
34. (A) He earns less than $15,000 a year.
(B) He's looking for a full-time job.
(C) He thinks his rent is too high.
(D) He plans to go back to graduate school.
35. (A) She isn't there in the morning.
(B) Her assistant isn't there in the morning.
(C) She won't have the forms he needs until the afternoon.
(D) She isn't as busy in the afternoon.
36. (A) They lived in caves.
(B) They traveled in groups.
(C) They had an advanced language.
(D) They ate mostly fruit.
37. (A) They lived in large groups.
(B) They used sand as insulation.
(C) They kept fires burning constantly.
(D) They faced their homes toward the south.
38. (A) Meet his anthropology teacher.
(B) Lend him her magazine when she's done with it.
(C) Come over to his house after class
(D) Help him study for an anthropology test.
39. (A) Putting a roof on a barn.
(B) Harvesting water reeds.
(C) Using stone as a building material.
(D) Daily farm operations.
40. (A) Clay tiles.
(B) Slate or stone
(C) Wooden shingles.
(D) Reeds or straw.
41. (A) Later colonists did not know how to thatch.
(B) Thatching was considered dangerous.
(C) Other roofing materials were available
(D) Thatching was unsuitable for the climate.
42. (A) It's manufactured to be strong.
(B) It bends without breaking.
(C) Thatches nail it down securely.
(D) The winds can pass through it easily.
43. (A) If people had more time to learn how to do it.
(B) If its cost went down.
(C) If it could make buildings more attractive.
(D) If people realized its many advantages.
44. (A) The coffee market in Boston.
(B) The role of supermarkets in the coffee business.
(C) A new trend in the United States.
(D) The advertising of a new product.
45. (A) Gourmet coffee is less expensive.
(B) Regular brands of coffee have too much caffeine.
(C) Gourmet coffee tastes better.
(D) Gourmet coffee is grown in the United States.
46. (A) They will run out of coffee.
(B) They will successfully compete with gourmet coffee sellers.
(C) They will introduce new regular brands of coffee.
(D) They will lose some coffee business.
47. (A) Photographic techniques common in the early 1900's.
(B) The life of Alfred Stieglitz.
(C) The influence of weather on Alfred Stieglitz's photography.
(D) Alfred Stieglitze's approach to photography.
48. (A) How to analyze photographic techniques.
(B) How to define photography.
(C) How Alfred Stieglitz contributed to the history of photography.
(D) Whether photography is superior to other art forms.
49. (A) They were influenced by his background in engineering.
(B) They were very expensive to take.
(C) They were among the first taken under such conditions.
(D) Most of them were of poor quality.
50. (A) He thought the copying process took too long.
(B) He considered each photograph to be unique.
(C) He didn't have the necessary equipment for reproduction.
(D) He didn't want them to be displayed outside of his home.
97年8月TOFEL 阅读
Question 1-9
In the 1600's when the Spanish moved into what later was to become the southwestern United States, they encountered the ancestors of the modern-day Pueblo, Hopi, and Zuni peoples. These ancestors, known variously as the Basket Makers, the Anasazi, or the Ancient Ones, had lived in the area for at least 2,000 years. They were an advanced agricultural people who used irrigation to help grow their crops.
   The Anasazi lived in houses constructed of adobe and wood. Anasazi houses were originally built in pits and were entered from the roof. But around the year 700 A.D., the Anasazi began to build their homes above ground and join them together into rambling multistoried complexes, which the Spanish called pueblos or villages. Separate subterranean rooms in these pueblos _____ known as kivas or chapels _____ were set aside for religious ceremonials. Each kiva had a fire pit and a hole that was believed to lead to the underworld. The largest pueblos had five stories and more than 800 rooms.
   The Anasazi family was matrilinear, that is, descent was traced through the female. The sacred objects of the family were under the control of the oldest female, but the ritual ceremonies were conducted by her brother or son. Women owned the rooms in the pueblo and the crops, once they were harvested. While still growing, crops belonged to the man who, in contrast to most other Native American groups, planted them. The women made baskets and pottery, the men wove textile and crafted turpoise jewelry.
    Each village had two chiefs. The village chief dealt with land disputes and religious affairs. The war chief led the men in fighting during occasional conflicts that broke out with neighboring villages and directed the men in community building projects. The cohesive political and social organization of the Anasazi made it almost impossible for other groups to conquer them.
1. The Anasazi people were considered "agriculturally advanced" because of the way they
(A) stored their crops
(B) fertilized their fields.
(C) watered their crops.
(D) planted their fields.
2. The word "pits" in line 7 is closest in meaning to
(A) stages(B) scars(C) seeds(D) holes.
3. The word "stories" in line 12 is closest in meaning to
(A) articles(B) tales(C) levels(D) rumors
4. Who would have been most likely to control the sacred objects of an Anasazi family?
(A) A twenty-year-old man
(B) A twenty-year-old woman
(C) A forty-year-old man
(D) A forty-year-old woman
5. The word "they" in line 16 refers to
(A) women(B) crops(C) rooms(D) pueblos
6. The word "disputes" in line 20 is closest in meaning to
(A) discussions(B) arguments(C) developments(D) purchases
7. Which of the following activities was NOT done by Anasazi men?
(A) Making baskets(B) Planting crops
(C) Building homes(D) Crafting jewelry.
8. According to the passage, what made it almost impossible for other groups to conquer the Anasazi?
(A) The political and social organization of the Anasazi
(B) The military tactics employed by the Anasazi
(C) The Anasazi's agricultural technology.
(D) The natural barriers surrounding Anasazi willages.
9. The passage supports which of the following generalizations?
(A) The presence of the Spanish threatened Anasazi society.
(B) The Anasazi benefited from trading relations with the Spanish.
(C) Anasazi society exhibited a well-defined division of labor.
(D) Conflicts between neighboring Anasazi villages were easily resolved.
Question 10-19
Barbed wire, first patented in the United States in 1867, played an important part in the development of American farming, as it enabled the settlers to make effective fencing to enclose their land and keep cattle away from their crops. This had a considerable effect on cattle ranching, since the herds no longer had unrestricted use of the plans for grazing, and the fencing led to conflict between the farmers and the cattle ranchers.
Before barbed wire came into general use, fencing was often made from serrated wire, which was unsatisfactory because it broke easily when under strain, and could snap in cold weather due to contraction. The first practical machine for producing barbed wire was invented in 1874 by an Illinois farmer, and between then and the end of the century about 400 types of barbed wire were devised, of which only about a dozen were ever put to practical use.
Modern barbed wire is made from mild steel high-tensile steel, or aluminum. Mild steel and aluminum barbed wire have two strands twisted together to form a cable which is stronger than single-strand wire and less affected by temperature changes. Single-strand wire, round or oval, is made from high-tensile steel with the barbs crimped or welded on . The steel wires used are galvanized - coated with zinc to make them rustproof. The two wires that make up the line wire or cable are fed separately into a machine at one end. They leave it at the other end twisted-together and barbed. The wire to make the barbs is fed into the machine from the sides and cut to length by knives that cut diagonally through the wire to produce a sharp point. This process continues automatically, and the finished barbed wire is wound onto reels, usually made of wire in length of 400 meters or in weights of up to 50 kilograms.
A variation of barbed wire is also used for military purposes. It is formed into long cojis or entanglements called concertina wire.
10. What is the main topic of the passage?
(A) Cattle ranching in the United States.
(B) A type of fencing
(C) Industrial uses of wire
(D) A controversy over land use.
11. The word "unrestricted" in line 4 is closest in meaning to
(A) unsatisfactory
(B) difficult
(C) considerable
(D) unlimited
12. The word "snap" in line 9 could best be replaced by which of the following?
(A) freeze
(B) click
(C) loosen
(D) break
13. What is the benefit of using two-stranded barbed wire?
(A) Improved rust-resistance
(B) Increased strength
(C) More rapid attachment of barbs
(D) Easier installation.
14. According to the author, the steel wires used to make barbed wire are specially processed to
(A) protect them against rust
(B) make them more flexible
(C) prevent contraction in cold weather
(D) straighten them.
15. The word "fed" in line 20 is closest in meaning to
(A) put(B) eaten(C) bitten(D) nourished
16. The knives referred to in line 21 are used to
(A) separate double-stranded wire
(B) prevent the reel from advancing too rapidly
(C) twist the wire
(D) cut the wire that becomes barbs
17. What is the author's purpose in the third paragraph?
(A) To explain the importance of the wire.
(B) To outline the difficulty of making the wire
(C) To describe how the wire is made
(D) To suggest several different uses of the wire.
18. According to the passage, concertina wire is used for
(A) livestock management
(B) international communications
(C) prison enclosures
(D) military purposes.
19. Which of the following most closely resembles the fencing described in the passage?
(A) （图）(B) （图）(C) （图）(D) （图）
Question 20-28
Under certain circumstance the human body must cope with gases at greater-than-normal atmospheric pressure. For example, gas pressures increase rapidly during a dive made with scuba gear because the breathing equipment allows divers to stay underwater longer and dive deeper. The pressure exerted on the human body increases by 1 atmosphere for every 10 meters of depth in seawater, so that at 30 meters in seawater a diver is exposed to a pressure of about 4 atmospheres. The pressure of the gases being breathed must equal the external pressure applied to the body; otherwise breathing is very difficult. Therefore all of the gases in the air breathed by a scuba diver at 40 meters are present at five times their usual pressure. Nitrogen which composes 80 percent of the air we breathe usually causes a balmy feeling of well-being at this pressure. At a depth of 5 atmospheres nitrogen causes symptoms resembling alcohol intoxication known as nitrogen narcosis. Nitrogen narcosis apparently results from a direct effect on the brain of the large amounts of nitrogen dissolved in the blood. Deep dives are less dangerous if helium is substituted for nitrogen, because under these pressures helium does not exert a similar narcotic effect.
As a scuba diver descends, the pressure of nitrogen in the lungs increases. Nitrogen then diffuses from the lungs to the blood and from the blood to body tissues. The reverse occurs when the diver surfaces; the nitrogen pressure in the lungs falls and the nitrogen diffuses from the tissues into the blood and from the blood into the lungs. If the return to the surface is too rapid, nitrogen in the tissues and blood cannot diffuse out rapidly enough and nitrogen bubbles are formed . They can cause severe pains, particularly around the joints.
Another complication may result if the breath is held during ascent. During ascent from a depth of 10 meters, the volume of air in the lungs will double because the air pressure at the surface is only half of what it was at 10 meters. This change in volume may cause the lungs to distend and even rupture. This condition is called air embolism. To avoid this event, a diver must ascent slowly, never at a rate exceeding the rise of the exhaled air bubbles, and must exhale during ascent.
20. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) The equipment divers use
(B) The effects of pressure on gases in the human body
(C) How to prepare for a deep dive
(D) The symptoms of nitrogen bubbles in the bloodstream.
21. The word "exposed to" in line 6 are closest in meaning to
(A) leaving behind
(B) prepared for
(C) propelled by
(D) subjected to
22. The word "exert" in line 15 is closest in meaning to
(A) cause(B) permit(C) need(D) change
23. The word "diffuses" in line 19 is closest in meaning to
(A) yields(B) starts(C) surfaces(D) travels
24. What happens to nitrogen in body tissues if a diver ascends too quickly.
(A) It forms bubbles
(B) It goes directly to the brain
(C) It is reabsorbed by the lungs.
(D) It has a narcotic effect.
25. The word "They" in line 21 refers to
(A) joints(B) pains(C) bubbles(D) tissues.
26. The word "rupture" in line 26 is closest in meaning to
(A) hurt(B) shrink(C) burst(D) stop
27. It can be inferred from the passage that which of the following presents the greatest danger to a diver?
(A) Pressurized helium
(B) Nitrogen diffusion
(C) Nitrogen bubbles
(D) An air embolism
28. What should a diver do when ascending?
(A) Rise slowly
(B) Breathe faster
(C) Relax completely
(D) Breathe helium.
Question 29-38
Each advance in microscopic technique has provided scientists with new perspectives on the function of living organisms and the nature of matter itself. The invention of the visible-light microscope late in the sixteenth century introduced a previously unknown realm of single-celled plants and animals. In the twentieth century, electron microscopes have provided direct views of viruses and minuscule surface structures. Now another type of microscope, one that utilize x-rays rather than light or electrons, offers a different way of examining tiny details, it should extend human perception still farther into the natural world.
The dream of building an x-ray microscope dates to 1895, its development, however, was virtually halted in the 1940's because the development of the electron microscope was progressing rapidly. During the 1940's electron microscopes routinely achieved resolution better than that possible with a visible-light microscope, while the performance of x-ray microscopes resisted improvement. In recent years, however, interest in x-ray microscopes has revived, largely because of advances such as the development of new sources of x-ray illumination. As a result, the brightness available today is millions of times that of x-ray tubes, which, for most of the century, were the only available sources of soft x-rays.
The new x-ray microscopes considerably improve on the resolution provided by optical microscopes. They can also be used to map the distribution of certain chemical elements. Some can form pictures in extremely short times, others hold the promise of special capabilities such as three dimensional imaging. Unlike conventional electron microscopy, x-ray microscopy enables specimens to be kept in air and in water, which means that biological samples can be studied under conditions similar to their natural state. The illumination used, so-called soft x-rays in the wavelength range of twenty to forty angstroms (an angstrom is one ten-billionth of a meter), is also sufficiently penetrating to image intact biological cells in many cases. Because of the wavelength of the x-rays used, soft x-ray microscopes will never match the highest resolution possible with electron microscopes. Rather, their special properties will make possible investigations that will complement those performed with light- and electron-based instruments.
29. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) The detail seen through a microscope
(B) Sources of illumination for microscopes
(C) A new kind of microscope
(D) Outdated microscopic technique
30. According to the passage, the invention of the visible-light microscope allowed scientists to
(A) see viruses directly
(B) develop the electron microscope later on
(C) understand more about the distribution of the chemical elements
(D) discover single celled plants and animals they had never seen before.
31. The word "minuscule" in line 5 is closest in meaning to
(A) circular(B) dangerous(C) complex(D) tiny
32. The word "it" in line 7 refers to
(A) a type of microscope
(B) human perception
(C) the natural world
(D) light
33. Why does the another mention me visible light microscope in the first paragraph?
(A) To begin a discussion of sixteenth century discoveries.
(B) To put the x-ray microscope in historical perspective
(C) To show how limited its uses are
(D) To explain how it functioned
34. Why did it take so long to develop the x-ray microscope?
(A) Funds for research were insufficient.
(B) The source of illumination was not bright enough until recently.
(C) Materials used to manufacture x-ray tubes were difficult to obtain
(D) X-ray microscopes were too complicated to operate.
35. The word "enables" in line 32 is closest in meaning to
(A) constitutes(B) specifies(C) expands(D) allows
36. The word "Rather" in line 28 is closest in meaning to
(A) significantly(B) preferably
(C) somewhat(D) instead
37. The word "those" in line 29 refers to
(A) properties(B) investigations(C) microscopes(D) x-rays
38. Based on the information in the passage, what can be inferred about x-ray microscopes in the future?
(A) They will probably replace electron microscopes altogether.
(B) They will eventually be much cheaper to produce than they are now.
(C) They will provide information not available from other kinds of microscopes.
(D) They will eventually change the illumination range that they now use.　
Question 39-50
Perhaps the most striking quality of satiric literature is its freshness, its originality of perspective. Satire rarely offers original ideas. Instead it presents the familiar in a new form. Satirists do not offer the world new philosophies. What they do is look at familiar conditions from a perspective that makes these conditions seem foolish, harmful or affected. Satire jars us out of complacence into a pleasantly shocked realization that many of the values we unquestioningly accept are false. Don Quixote makes chivalry seem absurd, Brave New World ridicules the pretensions of science, A Modest proposal dramatizes starvation by advocating cannibalism. None of these ideas is original. Chivalry was suspect before Cervantes, humanists objected to the claims of pure science before Aldous Huxley and people were aware of famine before Swift. It was not the originality of the idea that made these satires popular. It was the manner of expression the satiric method that made them interesting and entertaining. Satires are read because they are aesthetically satisfying works of art, not because they are morally wholesome or ethically instructive. They are stimulating and refreshing because with commonsense briskness they brush away illusions and secondhand opinions. With spontaneous irreverence, satire rearranges perspectives, scrambles familiar objects into incongruous juxtaposition and speaks in a personal idiom instead of abstract platitude.
Satire exists because there is need for it. It has lived because readers appreciate a refreshing stimulus, an irreverent reminder that they lived in a world of platitudinous thinking, cheap moralizing, and foolish philosophy. Satire serves to prod people into an awareness of truth though rarely to any action on behalf of truth. Satire tends to remind people that much of what they see, hear, and read in popular media is sanctimonious, sentimental, and only partially true. Life resembles in only a slight degree the popular image of it. Soldiers rarely hold the ideals that movies attribute to them, nor do ordinary citizens devote their lives to unselfish service of humanity. Intelligent people know these things but tend to forget them when they do not hear them expressed.
39. What does the passage mainly discuss?
(A) Difficulties of writing satiric literature.
(B) Popular topics of satire
(C) New philosophies emerging from satiric literature
(D) Reasons for the popularity of satire.
40. The word "realization" in line 6 is closest in meaning to
(A) certainly(B) awareness(C) surprise(D) confusion
41. Why does the author mention Don Quirote, Brave New World and A Modest Proposal in lines 6-8?
(A) They are famous examples of satiric literature
(B) They present commonsense solutions to problems.
(C) They are appropriate for readers of all ages.
(D) They are books with similar stories.
42. The word "aesthetically" in line 13 is closest in meaning to
(A) artistically(B) exceptionally(C) realistically(D) dependably
43. Which of the following can be found in satire literature?
(A) Newly emerging philosophies
(B) Odd combinations of objects and ideas
(C) Abstract discussion of moral and ethnics
(D) Wholesome characters who are unselfish.
44. According to the passage, there is a need for satire because people need to be
(A) informed about new scientific developments
(B) exposed to original philosophies when they are formulated
(C) reminded that popular ideas are often inaccurate
(D) told how they can be of service to their communities.
45. The word "refreshing" in line 19 is closest in meaning to
(A) popular(B) ridiculous(C) meaningful(D) unusual
46. The word "they" in line 22 refers to
(A) people(B) media(C) ideals(D) movies
47. The word "devote" in line 25 is closest in meaning to
(A) distinguish(B) feel affection(C) prefer(D) dedicate
48. As a result of reading satiric literature, readers will be most likely to
(A) teach themselves to write fiction
(B) accept conventional points of view
(C) become better informed about current affairs
(D) reexamine their opinions and values
49. The various purposes of satire include all of the following EXCEPT
(A) introducing readers to unfamiliar situations
(B) brushing away illusions
(C) reminding readers of the truth
(D) exposing false values.
50. Why does the author mention "service of humanity" in line 25?
(A) People need to be reminded to take action
(B) Readers appreciate knowing about it
(C) It is an ideal that is rarely achieved.
(D) Popular media often distort such stories.
97年8月TOFEL 语法
1. Some snakes lay eggs, but others _____ birth to live offspring.
(A) give(B) giving(C) they give(D) to have given
2. Because it was so closely related to communication, _____ art form to develop.
(A) drawing was probably the earliest
(B) to draw early was probably
(C) early drawing probably
(D) the earliest draw.
3. Halley's Comet had its first documented sighting in 240 B.C. in China and _____ it has been seen from the Earth 29 times.
(A) after(B) because of(C) since then(D) that is
4. _____ that managers commit in problem solving is jumping to a conclusion about the cause of a given problem.(A) Major errors.(B) Since the major error(C) The major error(D) Of the major errors.
5. Algonkian-speaking Native Americans greeted the Pilgrims _____ settled on the eastern shores of what is now New England.
(A) to whom(B) of which(C) who(D) which
6. The best known books of Ross Macdonald, _____ writer of detective novels, feature the character Lew Archer, a private detective.
(A) is the(B) is an(C) they are by(D) the
7. The first building to employ steel skeleton construction, _____.
(A) Chicago, Illinois, the home of the Home Insurance Company Building completed in 1885.
(B) The Home Insurance Company Building in Chicago, Illinois, was completed in 1885.
(C) Because the Home Insurance Company Building in Chicago, Illinois was completed in 1885.
(D) The Home Insurance Company Building in Chicago, Illinois, in 1885.
8. During the course of its growth, a frog undergoes a true metamorphosis _____ with fishlike larval stage.
(A) begin(B) began(C) beginning(D) is begun.
9. Mahalia Jackson, _____ combined powerfully vitality with great dignity, was one of the best known gospel singers in the United-States.
(A) it was her singing(B) which songs
(C) who sang(D) whose singing
10. Precious metals, gems, and ivory have been used to make buttons, but most buttons are made of _____ wood, glass, or plastic.
(A) such materials that(B) materials as such
(C) such materials as(D) such materials.
11. Outside the bright primary rainbow, _____ much fainter secondary rainbow may be visible.
(A) so(B) a(C) since(D) still
12. An critic, teacher, librarian, or poet who hopes to broaden poetry's audience faces the difficult challenge of persuading skeptical readers _____.
(A) that poetry is important today
(B) for poetry to be important today
(C) to be important poetry today
(D) poetry that is important today.
13. Following the guidelines for speaking and voting established by the book Robert's Rules of Order, _____ during meetings.
(A) and avoid large decision-making organizations' procedural confusion
(B) large decision-making organizations avoid procedural confusion
(C) is procedural confusion avoided by large decision-making organizations
(D) are avoiding procedural confusion in large decision-making organizations.
14. Indigo is a vat color, _____ called because it does not dissolve in water.
(A) which it(B) it is(C) but(D) so
15. Associated with the Denishawn company from 1916 until 1923, Martha Grahaim developed a powerful, _____ that was integral to the foundations of modern dance.
(A) expressively stylish
(B) a style expressive
(C) stylishly expressive
(D) expressive style.
16. In the New England colonies, Chippendale designs were adapted to locally tastes,
A B
and beautiful furniture resulted.
C D
17. According to most psychological studies, body language expresses a speaker's
A B C
emotions and attitudes, and it also tends to affect the emotions and attitudes of the listen.
D
18. The dachshund is a hardy, alert dog with a well sense of smell.
A B C D
19. Quasars, faint celestial objects resembling stars, are perhaps the most distant
A B C
objects know.
D
20. The importance of environmental stimuli in the development of coordination
A B
between sensory input and motor response varies to species to species.
C D
21. A smile can be observed, described, and reliably identify, it can also be elicited
A B C
and manipulated under experimental conditions.
D
22. A musical genius, John Cage is noted for his highly unconventional ideas, and
A B
he respected for his unusual compositions and performances.
C D
23. Chocolate is prepared by a complexity process of cleaning, blending and roasting
A B
cocoa beans, which must be ground and mixed with sugar.
C D
24. Several million points on the human body registers either cold, heat, pain, or touch.
A B C D
25. In the 1800's store owners sold everything from a needle to a plow, trust
A B C
everyone, and never took inventory.
D
26. Although they reflect a strong social conscience, Arthur Miller's stage works are
A
typical more concerned with individuals than with systems.
B C D
27. While highly prized for symbolizing good luck, the four-leaf clover is rarity found
A B C D
in nature.
28. An involuntary reflex, an yawn is almost impossible to stop once the mouth
A B
muscles begin the stretching action.
C D
29. Elected to serve in the United States House of representatives in 1968, Shirley
A
Chisholm was known for advocacy the interests of the urban poor.
B C D
30. A mirage is an atmospheric optical illusion in what an observer sees a nonexistent
A B
body of water or an image of some object.
C D
31. Turquoise, which found in microscopic crystals, is opaque with a waxy luster,
A B
varying in color from greenish gray to sky blue.
C D
32. Homo erectus is the name commonly given into the primate species from which
A B C
humans are believed to have evolved.
D
33. Today, modern textile mills can manufacture as much fabrics in a few seconds as
A B
it once took workers weeks to produce by hand.
C D
34. The Hopi, the westernmost tribe of Pueblo Indians, have traditionally live large.
A B C
multilevel structures clustered in towns.
D
35. Exploration of the Solar System is continuing and at the present rate of progress
A B
all the planets will have been contacted within the near 50 years.
C D
36. Since their appearance on farms in the United States between 1913 and 1920,
A B
trucks have changed patterns of production and market of farm products.
C D
37. Antique collection became a significant pastime in the 1800's when old object
A B C
began to be appreciated for their beauty as well as for their historical importance.
D
38. American painter Georgia O'Keeffe is well known as her large paintings of
・	A
flowers in which single blossoms are presented as if in close-up.
B C D
39. Despite television is the dominant entertainment medium for United States
A
households, Garrison Keillor's Saturday night radio show of folk songs and stories is
B C
heard by millions of people.
D
40. The work which the poet Emma Lazarus is best known is "The New Colossus",
A B
which is inscribed on the pedestal of the Statue of Liberty.
C D