TIME 时间篇

    At twenty years of age , the will reigns; at thirty , the wit ; and at forty , the judgment .(Benjamin Franklin ,American president)
    二十岁时起支配作用的是意志,三十岁时是机智,四十岁时是判断。(美国总统 富兰克林 . B.)
    Do you love life ? Then do not squander time ; for that's the stuff5 life is made of .(Benjamin Franklin , American president )
    你热爱生命吗？那么，别浪费时间，因为生命是由时间组成的。(美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
    Each moment in history is a fleeting time , precious and unique .(Richard Nixon , American president )
    历史巨轮飞转，分分秒秒的时间都十分宝贵，也独具意义。(美国总统 尼克松. R.)
    Fish and visitors smell three days .( Franklin Benjamin , American president )
    鱼放三天发臭，客住三天讨嫌。 (美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
    I am a slow walker , but I never walk backwards .(Abraham Lincoln , American president)
    我走得很慢，但是我从来不会后退。 (美国总统 林肯. A.)
    If you want to understand today , you have to search yesterday .(Pearl Buck , American female writer )
    想要懂得今天，就必须研究昨天。(美国女作家 赛珍珠)
    In delay there lies no plenty , Then come kiss me , sweet and twenty , Youth's a stuff that will not endure . (William Shakespeare , British dramatist)
    迁延蹉跎，来日无多，二十丽姝，请来吻我，衰草枯杨，青春易过。(英国剧作家 莎士比亚. W.)
    Never leave that until tomorrow , which you can do today . (Benjamin Franklin , American president )
    今天的事不要拖到明天。 (美国总统 富兰克林. B. )
    Ordinary people merely think how they shall spend their time ; a man of talent tries to use it . (Arthur Schopenhauer , German philosopher )
    普通人只想到如何度过时间，有才能的人设法利用时间。(德国哲学家 叔本华. A. )
    The golden age is before us , not behind us . (Mark Twain , American writer )
    黄金时代在我们面前而不在我们背后。( 美国作家 马克・吐温)
    The time of life is short ; to spend that shortness basely, it would be too long . (William Shakespeare , British dramatist )
    人生苦短，若虚度年华，则短暂的人生就太长了。(英国剧作家 莎士比亚. W.)
    Time is money .( Benjamin Franklin , American president)
    时间就是金钱。(美国总统 富兰克林. B.)
    To choose time is to save time .( Francis Bacon , British philosopher )
    合理安排时间就是节约时间。( 英国哲学家 培根. F.)
    We always have time enough , if we will but use it aright. (Johan Wolfgang von Goethe , German poet )
    只要我们能善用时间,就永远不愁时间不够用。(德国诗人歌德. J.W.)
    Weep no more , no sigh , nor groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone .(John Fletcher , British dramatist )
    别哭泣，别叹息，别呻吟；悲伤唤不回流逝的时光。(英国剧作家 弗莱沏. J.) 