名人名言7

    To sensible men, every day is a day of reckoning. ( J. W. Gardner )
    对聪明人来说，每一天的时间都是要精打细算的。（加德纳）
　　Genius is formed in quiet, character in the stream of life. (Goethe )
    天才形成于平静中，性格来自于生活的激流。（歌德）
　　Wherever valour true is found, true modesty will there abound. ( W. S. Gilbert )
    真正的勇敢，都包含谦虚。（吉尔伯特）
　　We can't all be heroes. Somebody has to sit on the curb and clap as they go by. (W. Roger )
    我们不可能都成为英雄。总得有人在英雄走过的时候坐在路边鼓掌。（罗杰）
　　Whom the gods destroy, they first make mad. (Euripides)
    上帝要谁灭亡，必先让他疯狂。（欧里比德斯)
    Life is a leaf of paper white, thereon each of us may write his word or two. ( A. Lowell )
    生活是一张白纸，每个人都在上面写上自己的一两句话。（洛威尔）
　　On earth there is nothing great but man; in the man there is nothing great but mind. ( A. Hamilton )
    地球上唯一伟大的是人，人身上唯一伟大的是心灵。（哈密尔顿）
　　Everything ought to be beautiful in a human being: face, and dress, and soul, and ideas. ( Chekhov )
    人的一切――面貌、衣着、心灵和思想，都应该是美好的。（契诃夫）
　　Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind.( T. Fuller )
    生活只是由一系列下决心的努力所构成的。（富勒）
　　Live as though you intend to live forever, and work as though your strength were limit less. (S. Bernhardt)
    要这样生活，仿佛你寿命永恒；要这样工作，仿佛你精力无穷。（波恩哈特）
　　Other man live to eat, while I eat to live. ( Socrates )
    别人为食而生存，我为生存而食。（苏格拉底）
　　Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises. ( S. Butler )
    生活是一种艺术，要在不充足的前提下得出充足的结论。（巴特勒）
　　Life is not all beer and skittles. ( T. Hughes )
    人生并非只是吃喝玩乐。（休斯）
　　For man is man and master of his fate. ( A. Tennyson )
    人就是人，是自己命运的主人。（丁尼生）
　　The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved. ( V. Hugo )
    生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。（雨果）
　　Have an aim in life, or your energies will all be wasted. ( R. Peters )
    人生应该树立目标，否则你的精力会白白浪费。（彼得斯）
　　None is of freedom or of life deserving unless he daily conquers it anew.( Erasmus )
    只有每天再度战胜生活并夺取自由的人，才配享受生活或自由。（伊拉斯漠）
　　What makes life dreary is the want of motive. (George Eliot )
    没有了目的，生活便郁闷无光。（艾略特）
　　Don't believe that winning is really everything. It's more important to stand for something. If you don't stand for something, what do you win? ( Lane Kirkland )
    不要认为取胜就是一切，更重要的是要有信念。倘若你没有信念，那胜利又有什么意义呢？（柯克兰）