名人名言6

    Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. (Marie Curie)
    生活中没有什么可怕的东西，只有需要理解的东西。（居里夫人）
    A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. (J. Barrymore)
    只要一个人还有追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。（巴里摩尔）
    A man can succeed at almost anything for which he has unlimited enthusiasm. (C. M. Schwab)
    只要有无限的热情，一个人几乎可以在任何事情上取得成功。（施瓦布）
    One thing I know: The only ones among you who will be really happy are those who will have sought and found how to serve. (A. Schweizer)
    有一点我是知道的：在你们之中，只有那些愿意寻求发现如何为别人服务的人，才是真正幸福的。（施韦策）
　  The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it. (Goethe)
    人生重要的在于确立一个伟大的目标，并有决心使其实现。（歌德）
    To live is to function. That is all there is in living. (Holmes)
    活着就要发挥作用，这就是生活的全部内容。（霍姆斯）
    Man can only be free through mastery of himself. ( S. E. Morison)
    只有通过掌握自己，才能使自己得到解放。（莫里森）
    Fear not that thy life shall come to an end, but rather fear that it shall never have a beginning. (J. H. Newman)
    不要害怕你的生活将要结束，应该担心你的生活永远不曾真正开始。（纽曼）
    Choose a life of action, not one of ostentation. ( C. Nepos)
    要选择行动的一生，而不是炫耀的一生。（内波斯）
    When the fight begins within himself, a man's worth something. ( R. Browning)
    当一个人内心开始斗争时，他就有了价值。（布郎宁）
    There is only one success --- to be able to spend your life in your own way. (C. Morley )
    只有一种成功，那就是能够用自己的方式度过自己的一生。（莫利）
    We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. ( Martin Luther King, Jr.)
    我们必须接受失望，因为它是有限的，但千万不可失去希望，因为它是无穷的。（马丁。路德。金）
    We grow neither better nor worse as we grow old but more like ourselves. ( M. L. Becker )
    随着年龄的增长，我们并不变得更好也不变得更坏，而是变得更象我们自己。（贝克尔）
    If a jewel falls into the mire, it remains as precious as before; and though dust should ascend to heaven, its former worthlessness will not be altered. (AL Jaber)
    宝石即使落在泥潭里，仍是一样可贵；尘土纵然扬到天上，还是没有价值。（贾比尔）
    Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. ( Strong)
    与其诅咒黑暗，不如燃起蜡烛。（斯特郎）
    A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. ( J. Burroughs )
    一个人可以失败许多次，但是只要他没有开始责怪别人，他还不是一个失败者。（巴勒斯）
    Work is the grand cure of all the maladies and miseries that ever beset mankind.  (Carlyle)
    工作是医治人间一切病痛和疾苦的万应良药。（卡莱尔）
    At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the judgment. ( B. Franklin)
    二十岁时起支配作用的是意志，三十岁时是机智，四十岁时是判断。（富兰克林）
    The tragedy of life is not so much what men suffer, but what they miss. ( T. Carlyle )
    生活的悲剧不在于人们受到多少苦，而在于人们错过了什么。（卡莱尔）