名人名言9

    A great man is always willing to be little. ( R. W. Emerson )
    伟大的人物总是愿意当小人物的。（爱默生）
　　Death is the only pure, beautiful conclusion of a great passion. ( D. H. Lawrence )
    死是伟大的激情的唯一的纯洁、美丽的终结。（劳伦斯）
　　Great men are rarely isolated mountain-peaks; they are summits of ranges. ( T.W. Higginson)
    伟人很少是突兀的山峰；它们是众山中的最高峰。（希金森）
　　The crash of the whole solar and stellar systems could only kill you once.( T. Carlyle )
    即使整个太阳系和星系崩溃，你也只死一次。（卡莱尔）
　　Many people's tombstones should read: " Died at 30, buried at 60." ( N. M. Butler )
    许多人的墓碑上应该刻上：“三十而死，六旬而葬。”（巴特勒）
　　To feel that one has a place in life solves half the problem of content. ( G. Woodberry )
    如果感觉到自己在生活中有了一个位置，满足的问题就解决了一半。（伍德贝利）
　　We should so live and labor in our time that what came to us as seed may go to the next generation as blossom, and what came to us as blossom may go to them as fruit. This is what we mean by progress.( H. W. Beecher )
    我们一生应该这样地生活和劳动，使给予我们的种子能在下一代开花，使给予我们的花朵能在下一代结果，这就是我们所说的进步的意义。（比彻）
　　What's a man's first duty? The answer's brief: To be himself. ( Ibsen )
    人的第一天职是什么？答案很简单：不伪饰自己。（易卜生）
　　It is while you are patiently toiling at the little tasks of life that the meaning and shape of great whole of life dawn on you. ( P. Brooks )
    在你耐心地操劳于生活的琐事的过程中，你才能领悟整个生活的伟大意义和形象。 （布鲁克斯）
　　Dare and the world always yields. If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb. ( W. M. Thackeray )
    大胆挑战，世界总会让步。如果有时候你被它打败了，不断地挑战，它总会屈服的。（萨克雷）
　　Destiny: A tyrant's authority for crime, and a fool's excuse for failure. ( A. Bierce )
    命运是暴君施虐的权威，傻瓜失败的借口。（比尔斯）
　　Have no fear of perfection ---- you'll never reach it. ( S. Dali )
    不要为十全十美担心――你永远作不到十全十美。（达里）
　　The sum of behaviour is to retain a man's own dignity, without intruding upon the liberty of others. ( F. Bacon )
    人的行为准则是，维护自己的尊严，不妨碍他人的自由。（培根）
　　One may overcome a thousand men in battle, but he who conquers himself is the greatest victor. ( Nehru )
    一个人能在战场上制胜千军，但只有战胜自己才是最伟大的胜利者。（尼赫鲁）
    I've never any pity for conceited people, because I think they carry their comfort about with them. ( George Eliot )
    我从不怜惜自负的人们，因为我觉得他们无处不能自我安慰。（艾略特）
　　Man can climb to the highest summit, but he cannot dwell there long. ( Bernard Shaw )
    人可以爬到最高峰，但他不能在那儿久住。（萧伯纳）
    The tyrant dies and his rule ends, the martyr dies and his rule begins. (Kierkegaard)
    暴君死了，他的统治就结束了；烈士死了，他的统治刚开始。（克尔凯郭尔）
　　Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important. (T.S. Eliot)
    世界上大部分的麻烦都是要想成为伟大人物的人搞出来的。（艾略特）
　　The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything --- or nothing.(Lady Astor)
    生活中的主要危险来自那些想要改变一切或什么也不想改变的人。（阿斯特子爵夫人）