名人名言11

    It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them. ( A. E. Stevenson )
    为原则而斗争容易，按原则的要求活着难。（史蒂文森）
　　There is nothing permanent except change. ( Heracleitus )
    惟有变化才是永恒的。（赫拉克利特）
　　Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must undergo the fatigue of supporting it. ( T. Paine )
    想要收获自由之果的人，必须承受维护自由的劳苦。（潘恩）
　　No road of flowers lead to glory. ( La Fontaine )
    没有一条通向光荣的道路是铺满鲜花的。（拉封丹）
　　Do not, for one repulse, forgo the purpose that you resolved to effort. ( Shakespeare )
    不要只因一次挫败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。（莎士比亚）
　　The man who has made up his mind to win will never say " Impossible".( Napoleon )
    凡是决心取得胜利的人是从来不说“不可能”的。（拿破仑）
　　Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly for them. ( C. Weizmann )
    奇迹有时候是会发生的，但是你得为之拼命蒂努力。（魏茨曼）
　　There is no such thing as darkness; only a failure to see. ( Muggeridge )
    没有黑暗这种东西，只有看不见而已。（马格里奇）
　　It never will rain roses. When we want to have more roses we must plant trees. (G. Eliot)
    天上永远不会掉下玫瑰来，如果想要更多的玫瑰，必须自己种植。（艾略特）
　　Time is a bird for ever on the wing. (T. W. Robertson)
    时间是一只永远在飞翔的鸟。（罗伯逊）
　　If you do not learn to think when you are young, you may never learn. ( Edison )
    如果你年轻时不学会思考，那就永远不会。（爱迪生）
　　A day is a miniature of eternity. ( Emerson )
    一天是永恒的缩影。（爱默生）
　　The course of true love never did run smooth. ( Shakespeare )
    真诚的爱情之路永不会是平坦的。（莎士比亚）
　　Love is stronger than death.
    爱的力量大于死亡。（《圣经》）
　　When I was young, I admired clever people. Now that I am old, I admire kind people. ( A. J. Heschel )
    少时喜欢聪明人，老来喜欢仁厚人。（赫歇尔）
　　All good things are cheap, all bad things are very dear. ( H. D. Thoreau )
    一切好的东西都是便宜的，所有坏的东西都是非常贵的。（梭罗）
　　Patience! The windmill never strays in search of the wind. ( Andy J. Sklivis )
    耐心等待！风车从不跑去找风。（斯克利维斯）
　　Morality may consist solely in the courage of making a choice. ( L. Blum )
    品德可能仅仅在于有勇气作出抉择。（布鲁斯）
　　Fame usually comes to those who are thinking something else. ( O. W. Holmes )
    通常是没想到成名的人反而成了名。（霍姆斯）
　　The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves. ( W. Penn)
    妒忌者对别人是烦恼，对他们自己却是折磨。（佩恩）
　　If there were less sympathy in the world, there would be less trouble in the world. ( O. Wilde )
    如果世界上少一些同情，世界上也就会少一些麻烦。（王尔德）
　　Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street. (E.Hubbard)
    许多人的名声如果在街上遇到自己的品德会互相不认识。（哈伯德）
　　Don't waste life in doubts and fears. ( Emerson )
    不要把生命浪费于怀疑与恐惧中。（爱默生）
　　The most exhausting thing in life is being insincere. ( A. M. Lindbergh )
    生活中最使人筋疲力尽的事是弄虚作假。（林德伯格）
　　It is discouraging to think how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit. (N. Coward )
    令人沮丧的是，有那么多人对诚实感到吃惊，而对欺骗感到吃惊的人却那么的少。（科沃德)