名人名言10

    Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs a step a time. ( Mark Twain )
    习惯就是习惯，谁也不能将其扔出窗外，只能一步一步地引它下楼。（马克吐温）
　　Bigotry may be roughly defined as the anger of men who have no opinions. ( C. K. Chesterton )
    可以给偏执下一个粗略的定义：没有观点的人的愤怒。（切斯特顿）
　　Optimist: A man who gets treed by a lion but enjoys the scenery. ( W. Winchell )
    乐观主义者：被狮子逼上了树但仍能欣赏风景的人。（温切尔）
　　You know what charm is : A way of getting the answer "yes" without having asked any clear question. ( A. Camus )
    你知道什么是魅力：一种不用明白地提出问题而能得到肯定答复的办法。（加谬）
　　The worst tragedy for a poet is to be admired through being misunderstood. ( J. Cocteau )
    对于诗人来说，最大的悲剧莫过于由于误解而受到钦佩。（科克托）
　　The essence of language is human activity. ( O. Jesperson )
    语言的本质是人类活动。（耶斯佩森）
　　Animals are such agreeable friends ----they ask no questions, they pass no criticisms. (George Eliot )
    动物是极容易相处的，它们从不提问，也从不会批评。（艾略特）
　　Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. ( W. Durant )
    教育是一个逐步发现自己无知的过程。（杜兰特）
　　In education we are striving not to teach youth to make a living, but to make a life.(W. A. White )
    教育不是为了教会青年人谋生，而是教会他们创造生活。（怀特）
　　I would rather see a young man blush than turn pale. ( M. P. Cato )
    我宁可看到青年人脸红，也不愿看到它脸色变得苍白。（加图）
　　It is impossible to defeat an ignorant man in argument. ( W. G. McAdoo )
    在争论中是无法击败无知者的。（麦卡杜）
　　A long dispute means that both parties are wrong. ( Voltaire )
    持久的争论意味着双方都是错的。（伏尔泰）
　　People generally quarrel because they cannot argue. ( Chesterton )
    通常人们是因为不会辩理才吵架的。（切斯特顿）
　　The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. ( Bernard Shaw )
    明白事理的人使自己适应世界；不明事理的人想使世界适应自己。（萧伯钠）
　　Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism. ( C. G. Jung )
    任何形式的瘾都是不好的，不管上瘾的是酒精、吗啡还是唯心主义。（荣格）
　　As long as the world shall last there will be wrongs, and if no man rebelled, those wrongs would last forever. ( C. Darrow )
    只要世界还存在，就会有错误，如果没有人反叛，这些错误将永远存在下去。（达罗）
　　I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it. ( Voltaire)
    我不同意你说的话，但我愿意誓死捍卫你说话的权利。（伏尔泰）
　　The only man who is really free is the one who can turn down an invitation to dinner without giving any excuse. ( J. Renard )
    唯一真正自由的人是能够拒绝宴会的邀请而不用提出理由的人。（勒纳尔）
　　The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.( Mark Twain )
    具有新想法的人在其想法被接受之前是怪人。（马克吐温）
    The greater the man, the more restrained his anger. ( Ovid )
    人越伟大，越能克制怒火。（奥维德）