Throughout life, we rely on small groups of people for love, admiration, respect, moral support, and help.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
整个一生，我们都有赖于从一些人群中获得友爱、觉识、尊重、道义支持和帮助。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
To make your life a sound structure that will serve others and fulfil your own potential, you have to remember that strength, however massive , can't endure unless it has the interlocking support of others. Go it alone and you'll inevitably tumble.
Zichler Edward, Admerican writer
要使你的生活成为有益于他人同时又能发挥你自己的潜力的牢固的建筑，你必须记住，除非与他人的支持联系在一起，否则无论多么大的力量都难以持久，单枪匹马必将一事无成。
美国作家 爱德华.Z.
True friendship is like sound health .The value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
Charles Caleb Colton, British writer
真正的友谊犹如健康，只有失去时，才会意识到它的价值。
英国作家 科尔顿C.C.
Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
Jean de La Bruyere, French moralist
如果两个人对于彼此的小缺点不能相互原谅，他们的友谊便不能持久。
法国道德家 拉布吕耶尔.J.D.
Very close and trusted friends share confidences candidly. They feel secure that they will not be ridiculed of derided ,and their confidences will be honored.
Robert Louis Steveson,
British novelist and poet
亲密而互相信任的朋友之间彼此赤诚相见，他们不会被戏弄和嘲笑，因而心理踏实无虑，他们之间这种信任会受到尊重。
英国小说家、诗人 史蒂文森.R.L.
We can not tell the precise moment when friendship is founded, As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over ; so in a serial of kindness there is at last one which makes the heart run over.
James Boswell, British writer
我们无法讲出友谊缔造的确切时刻，就像一点一滴地倾注一个容器一样，终有一滴使容器满溢；因此，面对接二连三的好意，终有那么一次会动人心弦，情谊洋溢。
英国作家 博斯韦尔,J.
When something sensational happens to us, sharing the happiness of the occasion with friends intensifies our joy. Conversely, in times of trouble and tension, when our spirits are low, unburdening our worries and fears to compassionate friends alleviates the stress.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
欣逢喜事，与朋友分享其乐，喜上加喜。反之，身处逆境，情绪颓丧，向富有同情心的朋友倾诉愁苦才会减轻痛苦。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
With close friends in their lives ,people develop courage and positive attitudes.Teenagers have the moral support to assert their individuality;the elderly approach their advanced years with optimism and an interest in life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson. American thinker
生活中有挚友，人们就能鼓起勇气，变得积极。年经人就有精神支柱来表现自己的个性；中老年人则会怀着乐观主义和生活情趣步入晚年。
美国思想家 爱默生 R.W.
A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.
Joseph Addison. American writer
知足是人生在世最大的幸事。
美国作家艾迪生.J.
A lifetime of happiness!No man alive could bear it; it would be hell on erath.
G.Bernard Shaw.British dramatist
终身幸福！这是任何活着的人都无法忍受的，那将是人间地狱。
英国剧作家肖伯纳.G.
A well-written life is almost as rare as a well-spent one.
Thomas Carlyle, British historian and essayist
写得很好的生活和过得很好的生活几乎一样少。
英国历史学爱、散文家卡莱尔.T.
Absence of occupation is not rest, a mind quite vacant is a mind distress.
William Cowper, British poet
无所事事不是休息，十分空虚的心灵是痛苦的心灵。
英国诗人考伯.W.
All the blessings we enjoy are the fruits of labor, toil, and self-denial, and study.
Willian Graham Sumner, American sociologist
我们得到的一切幸福都是劳动、辛苦、自我克制和学习的成果。
美国社会学家萨姆纳.W.G.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall not be disappointed.
Alexander Pope. British Poet
一无所求的人是幸福的，因为他永远也不会失望。
英国诗人蒲伯.A.
Call no man happy till he dies, he is at best but fortunate.
Solon, ancient Athenian statesman
人不进棺材，谁也称不上幸福，而至多不过是幸运。
古雅典政治家梭伦
For in all adversity of fortune the worst sort of misery is to have been happy.
A.M S. Boethius, Ancient Roman statesman
在所有不幸中，最不幸的事是曾经幸福过。
古罗马政治家伯修斯.A.M.S.
Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' garden.
D.W.Jerrold, British dramatist
幸福生长在我们自己的火炉边，而不能从别人的花园中采得。
英国剧作家杰罗尔德.D.W.
Happiness is a butterfly, which ,when pursued, is always just beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
N. Hawthorn, American writer
幸福是一只蝴蝶，你要追逐它的时候，总是追不到；但是如果你悄悄地坐下来，它也许会飞落到你身上。
美国作家霍桑.N.
Happiness is a form of courage.
H.Jackson, British writer
幸福是勇气的一种形式。
英国作家杰克逊.H.
Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly often attributed by the living to the dead , now usually attributed by adults to children, and by childuren to adults.
Szasz Thomas, American psychiatrist
幸福是想象中的东西。从前，生者认为死者幸福，孩子则认为大人幸福。
美国精神病学家托马斯. S.
Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.
C.Pollock ,British jurist
幸福是太多和太少之间的一站。
英国法学家波洛克.C.
Happiness is not a goal, it is a by--product.
Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt, American president's wife
幸福不是目的，而是一种副产品。
美国总统罗斯福的夫人埃莉诺
Happiness is not something you experience; it's something you re-member.
O.Levant, Ameican pianist
幸福不是你经历的事，而是你记得的事。
美国钢琴家利万特 .