You never know what you can do till you try.
Frederick Marryat, British novelist
除非你亲自尝试一下，否则你永远不知道你能够做什么。
英国小说家马里亚特。F
A friend is , as it were, a second self.
Cicero, Ancient Roman statesman
可以说，朋友是另一个自我。
古罗马政治家 西塞罗
A man should keep his friendship in constant repair.
Samuel Johnaon, British writer
只有经常“浇灌”， 方能保持友谊天长地久。
英国作家 约翰逊.S.
A true friend is for ever a friend.
Grorge Macdonald, British novelist
要私下告诫朋友，但是要公开夸奖朋友。
叙利亚拉丁语作家 西拉士.P.
Animals are such agreeable friends --they ask no questions, they pass no criticism.
George Eliot, British novelist
动物是极易相处的朋友，它们从来不提问，也从不会批评。
英国小说家 艾略特.G.
Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
Benjamin Franklin, American pesident
选择朋友要谨慎，换朋友更要谨慎。
美国总统 富兰克林.B.
Because friendships enhance our lives ,it is important to cultivate them.
Robert Louis Stevenson, British novelist and poet
培植友谊十分重要，因为友谊能提高生活的价值。
英国小说家、诗人 史蒂文森 .R.L.
Betraying a trust is a very quick and painful way to terminate a friendship.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
背信弃义会迅速而痛苦地断送友谊。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
Don't try to win a friend by presenting gifts. You should instead contribute your sincere love and learn how to win others 'heart through appropriate ways.
Socrates, Ancient Greek philosopher
不要靠馈赠去获得朋友，你必须奉献你诚挚的爱，学会怎样用正当的方法来赢得别人的心。
古希腊哲学家 苏格拉底
Friendship is an essential ingredient in the making of a healthful, rewarding life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
友谊是使人的一生健康而有意义所不可缺少的组成部分。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
Friendship is both a source of pleasure and a component of good health.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
友谊既是快乐之源泉，又是健康之要素。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
He that will not allow his friend to share the prize must not expect him to share the danger.
Aesop, Ancient Greek fable writer
不肯让朋友共享果实的人，不要指望朋友与他共患难。
古希腊寓言作家 伊索
If a friend tells a fault, imagine always that he has not told the whole.
Robert Louis Stevenson, British novelist and poet
如果朋友告诉你一个缺点，请设想他没有和盘托出。
英国小说家、诗人史蒂文森. R.L.
It is not enough to help the feeble up, but to support him after.
William Shakespeare, British dramatist
仅仅把弱者扶起来是不够的，还要在他站起来之后支持他。
英国剧作家 莎士比亚.W.
No man is the whole of himself; his friends are the rest of him.
Harry Emerson Fosdick, American churchman
任何人自己都不是完整的；他的朋友是他的其余部分。
美国教士 福斯迪克,H.E.
No matter how strong you are how notable your attainments, you have endruring significance only in your relationship to others.
Ziegler Edward, American writer
不管你有多么强大、你的成就多么辉煌，只有保持你与他人之间的关系，这一切才会有持久的意义。
美国作家 爱德华.Z .
People need to know one another to be at their honest best.
Robbins Staca, Britsh writer
人们需要相互了解才能达到最诚实的境界。
英国作家 斯达卡.R.
Some components of a thriving friendship are honesty, naturalness, thoughtfulness, some common interests.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
确保友谊常青的诸要素是：诚实、朴实自然、体贴和某些共同的兴趣。
美国思想家 爱默生。R.W.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship .
St, Augustine, Bishop of hippo
怀疑是对友谊所下毒药。
希波主教 圣奥古斯丁
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker
唯一能获得朋友的办法就是自己先有友道。
美国思想家 爱默生.R.W.
