Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly for them.
C. Weizmann. Irish president
奇迹有时候是会发生的，但是你得为之拼命的努力。
爱尔兰总统 魏茨曼.C.
My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country. My fellow citizens of the world: ask not what American will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man.
John Kennedy, American president
美国同胞们，不要问国家能为你们做些什么，而要问你们能为国家做些什么。全世界的公民们，不要问美国将为你们做些什么，而要问我们共同能为人类的自由做些什么。
美国总统 肯尼迪.J.
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity.
Richard Nixon, American president
命运给予我们的不是失望之酒，而是机会之杯。
美国总统尼克松。R.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
Jean Jacques Rousseau,French thinker
忍耐是痛苦的，但它的果实是甜蜜的。
法国思想家卢梭.J.J
Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow.
Emerson, American thinker
进步是今天的活动、明天的保证。
美国思想家 爱默生
Should the diver parse, from the ravening monster's jaw he'd never hold the precious pearl, the bright pearl, in his grasp.
Jaber, Kuwait king
采珠人如果被海中张牙舞爪的怪物吓住，他就得不到宝贵的闪闪发亮的珍珠。
科威特国王贾比尔
The world can be changed by man's endeavor, and that this endeavor can lead to something new and better. No man can sever the bonds that unite him to his society simply by averting his eyes. He must ever be receptive and sensitive to the new; and have sufficient courage and skill to face novel facts and to deal with them.
Franklin Roosevelt, American president
人经过努力改变世界，这种努力可以使人类达到新的、更美好的境界。没有人仅凭闭目、不看社会现实就能割断自己与社会的联系。他必须敏感，随时准备接受新鲜事物；他必须有勇气与能力去面对新的事实，解决新问题。
美国总统罗斯福,F.
There is no royal road to science,and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of its steep paths have a chance of gaining its luminous summits.
Karl Marx, German revolutionary
在科学上没有平坦的大道，只有不畏劳苦沿着其崎岖之路攀登的人，才有希望达到它光辉的顶点。
德国革命家马克恩.K.
The man who has made up his mind to win will never say "impossible".
Bonapart Naploeon, French emperor
凡是决心取得胜利的人是从来不说“不可能的”。
法国皇帝拿破仑.B.
To do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest basin of freedom.
Ronald Reagan, American president
为了保住这最后的、最伟大的自由堡垒，我们必须尽我们所能。
美国总统里根.R.
To strive, to seek ,to find and not to yield.
Alfred Tennyson, British poet
要奋斗，要探索，要有所发现，而不要屈服。
英国诗人丁尼生，A.
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.
Franklin Roosevelt, American president
我们不能总是为我们的青年造就美好未来，但我们能够为未来造就我们的青年一代。
美国总统罗斯福，F.
We cannot wait for favors from nature; we must take them from her-- that is our task.
Ivan V.Michurin, Russian agronomist
我们不能等待大自然的恩赐，我们必须向她索取――这就是我们的任务。
俄国家艺学家米丘林I.V
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Seebohm CAaroline, British writer
艰难之路，唯勇者行。
英国作家卡罗琳，S.
Where there is a will, there is a way.
Thomas Edison, American inventor
有志者，事竟成。
美国发明家爱迪生.T.
Where there is no hope, there can be no endeavor.
Sanuel Johnson, British writer and critic
哪里没有希望，哪里就不可能有努力。
英语作家、评论家约翰逊.S
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Henry Ford, American businessman
你不能靠你声称将要去做的事情来建立声誉。
美国实业家福特.H.