名句
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.
J. Burroughs. Averican naturalist　
一个人可以失败多次，但是只要他没有开始责怪旁人，他还不是一个失败者。
美国博物学家 巴勒斯.J.
All of us bear witness to the dissolution of our piece of creation. Only the novelist can restore to us, in the miracle of ink that pours itself like blood onto paper, the lineaments of our lost worlds, alive.
Norma Rosen, American novelist
我们都眼见自己创造物的变化消亡，唯有小说家能凭借墨水拥有像血一样息行流注纸上的奇迹，为我们恢复失去的世界，使它的面貌活灵活现。
美国小说家 罗森. N.
All that you do, do with your might; things done by halves are never done right.
R. H. Stoddard, American poet　
做一切事都应尽力而为，半途而废永远不行。
美国诗人 斯大林 拖达德.R. H.
Between the annihilating fierceness of personal ambition and those who clutter its path, there is only one possible mediator, and that is love.
Norma Rosen, American novelist　
能使凶险的个人野心湮灭和塞满实现野心的人流之间，只有一样是可能的调节剂，那就是“爱”。
美国小说家 罗森.N.
Creativity is no more teachable than heritable, No more than the most detail-perfect doll can transubstantiate into a living, breathing baby.
Norma Rosen, American novelist　
创造能力既不是遗传的，也不是教得会的。正如再怎样完美制作的洋娃娃，也不能够变成一个会呼吸的活的婴儿。
美国小说家 罗森.N.
Dare and the world always yields. lf it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.
W. M . Thackeray. British novelist　
大胆挑战，世界总会让步。如果有时候你被它打败了，不断地挑战，它总会屈服的。
英国小说家 萨克雷.W. M.
Few things are impossible in themselves; and it is often for want of will, rather than of means, that man fails to succeed.
La Rocheforcauld, French writer　
事情很少有根本做不成的；其所以做不成，与其说是条件不够，不如说是由于决心不够。
法国作家 罗切福考尔德，L.
Genius only means hard-working all one's life.
Mendeleyev, Russian chemist
天才只意味着终身不懈地努力。
俄国化学家 门捷列耶夫
Great works are performed not by strengh, but by perseverance.
Samuel Johnson, British writer and critic　
完成伟大的事业不在于体力，而在于坚韧不拔的毅力。
英国作家和评论家 约翰逊. S.
I have nothing to offer but blood, boil, tears and sweat.
Winston Churchill, British politician
我能奉献的没有其它，只有热血、辛劳、眼泪与汗水。
英国政治家 丘吉尔.W.
If you have great talents, industry will improve them; if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.
Joshuas Reynolds, American female essayist
如果你很有天赋，勤勉会使其更加完善；如果你能力一般，勤勉会补足其缺陷。
美国女散文家 雷诺兹. J.
It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them.
Adlai Stevenson, British writer
为原则而斗争比实践该原则要容易。
英国作家 史蒂文森. A.
It is Enterprise which builds and improves the world's possessions. Thrift may be the handmaid and nurse of Enterprise. But equally she may not. For the engine which drives Enteprise is not Thrift, but Profit.
John Maynard Keynes, British economist
进取精神建造了和增加了世界上的财富。节俭可以是进取精神的仆人的护理人，同样地也可以不是。因为进取精神的动力不是节俭，而是利润。
英国经济学家 凯恩斯.J. M.
It never will rain roses. When we want to have more roses we must plant trees.
G. Eliot, Btitish novelist
天上不会掉下玫瑰来，如果想要更多的玫瑰，必须自己种植。
英国小说家 艾略特. G.
Jovons saw the kettle boil and cried out with the delighted voice of a child; Marshal too had seen the kettle boil and sat down silently to build an engine.
John Maynard Keynes, British economist
杰文斯看见壶开了，高兴得像孩子似地叫了起来；马歇尔也看见壶开了，却悄悄地坐下来造了一部蒸气机。
英国经济学家 凯恩斯. J. M.
Man errs so long as he strives.
Johann Wolfgang Goethe, German poet and dramatist
杰文斯看见壶开了，高兴得像孩子似地叫了起来；马歇尔也看见壶开了，却悄悄地坐下来造了一部蒸气机。
英国经济学家 凯恩斯. J. M.
Man errs so long as he strives.
Johann Wolfgang Goethe, German poet and dramatist
人只要奋斗就会犯错误。
德国诗人、剧作家 歌德.J M.