Happy is the man who is living by his hobby.
G.Bernard. Shaw, British dramatist
醉心于某种癖好的人是幸福的。
英国剧作家肖伯纳.G.
Happiness lies in the consciousness we have of it.
George Sand, French woman writer
幸福在于自知拥有幸福。
法国女作家乔治・桑
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Frandlin Roosevelt, American President.
幸福不在于拥有金钱，而在于获得成就时的喜悦以及产生创造力的激情。
美国总统罗斯福. F.
Hope is itself a species of happiness which this world affords.
Samuel Johnson. British writer.
希望本身是一种幸福，也许是这个世界能提供的主要的幸福。
英国作家约翰逊.S.
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.
Benjamin Franklin, American president
与其说人类的幸福来自偶尔发生的鸿运，不如说来自每天都有的小实惠。
美国总统富兰克林.B.
Industry is fortune's right hand, and frugality her left.
John Ray, American naturalist
勤劳是财富的右手，节俭是她的左手。
美国博物学家雷伊.J
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
A. Repplier, American female essayist
要在自身找到幸福是不容易的,要在别的地方找到幸福则是不可能.的。
美国女散文家里普利厄.A.
Jobs and work do much more than most of us realize to provide happiness and contentment.
Leonard R. Sayles, American writer
职业和工作在使人得到幸福与满足方面所起的作用比我们大多数意识到的要多得多。
美国作家塞尔斯.L.R.
Man is the artificer of his own happiness.
Henry David Thoreau, American writer
人是自己幸福的设计者。
美国作家棱罗.H.D.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Abraham Limcoln . American president
对于大多数人来说，他们认定自己有多幸福，就有多幸福。
美国总统林肯.A.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the members are poor and miserable.
Adam Smith , British economist
如果一个社会中的大部分成员贫穷而又悲惨，这个社会就谈不上繁荣幸福。
英国经济学家亚当・斯密
Nothing is more fatal to happiness than the remembrance of happiness.
Gide Andre, French writer
没有什么比回忆幸福更令人痛苦的了。
法国作家安德烈.G.
One is never as unhappy as one thinks, nor as happy as one hopes.
Francois La Rochefoucauld, French writer
一个人永远不像他所想象的那样不幸，也不会像他所希望的那样幸福。
法国作家拉罗什富科.F.
Only when a man's life comes to its end in prosperity dare we pro-nounce him happy.
Aeschylus.Ancient Greek dramatist
只能当一个人的生命在辉煌中结束时，我们才敢说他是幸福的。
古希腊剧作家埃斯库罗斯
There are two things to aim at in life: first, to get what you want; and ,after that, to enjoy it , only the wisest of mankind achieve the second.
P. Smith Logan, American writer
人的一生有两大目标：第一，得到你想要的东西；第二，享有你得到的东西。只有最聪明的人才能实现第二目标。
美国作家洛根.P.S.
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not.
Gerge Bernard Shaw. British dramatist
痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
英国剧作家肖伯纳.G.
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
Vitor Hugo, French novelist
痛苦的秘密在于有闲功夫担心自己是否幸福。
英国剧作家肖伯纳.G.
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved.
Vitor Hugo, French novelist
生活中最大的幸福是坚信有人爱我们。
法国小说家雨果.V.
There is no paradise on earth equal to the union of love and innocence.
Jean Jecques Rousseau.French thinker
人间最大的幸福莫如既有爱情又清白无暇。
法国思想家卢梭.J.J
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
George Sand. French woman writer
生活中唯一的幸福就是：爱和被爱。
法国女作家乔治・桑
The only way on earth to multiply happiness is to divide it.
Paul Herman Scherer,Swiss physicist
世界上唯一成倍增加幸福的办法是将其分摊。
瑞士物理学家席勒尔.P.H.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
B. Russell, British philosopher
得不到渴望得到的一些东西是幸福的一个必不可少的组成部分。
英国哲学家罗素.B.
To fill the hour --- that is happiness.
Ralph Woldo Emerson, American thinker
让时间过得充实些，那才是幸福。
美国思想家爱默生,R.W.
To really understand a man we must judge him in misfortune.
Bonapart Napoleon, French emperor
要真正了解一个人，需在不幸中考察他。
法国皇帝拿破仑，B.
True happiness is of a retired nature, and an enemy to pomp and noise.
Joseph Addison, British writer
真正的幸福不显出露水，它摈弃浮华和喧嚣。
英国作家艾迪生.J.
Unhappiness is best defined as the difference between our talents the difference between our talents and our expectations.
Edward de Bono.British physician
对不幸的最好解释是人们的才能和期望之间的差异。
英国医生达博诺.E.
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it.
George Bernard Shaw, British dramatist
正像我们无权只享受财富而不创造财富一样，我们也无权只享受幸福而不创造幸福。
英国剧作家肖伯纳.G.
When pleasure is the business of life, it ceases to be pleasure.
Thomas Chandler Haliburton, Canadian English expert
当享受成为生活的主要事务时，它就不再是一种享受。
加拿大英语专家哈利伯顿.T.G. 